"Hajji Hammad", I never change my word I told all what happened word for word "Hajji" , I'm a driver not a labourer. My work has rules. My duties is deliver goods or collect cash on delivery, nothing else. Is it appropriate that such a young worker tells me to unload goods off the truck ! It was his mistake , and he argued a lot No, I had the right to beat him up. When I refused to help him unload, he scratched the truck's door. He hit it with the plank he was carrying. He did it on purpose. No … no I told him shame FOR your employer. Not shame ON your employer. "Master Ghaleb" knows me well I didn't bad-mouth him "Master Ghaleb" knows me well I have a reputation. I'm "Abu Saddam" No "Hajji", you have to excuse me Why should I apologise? I did nothing wrong! The truck got scratched during my shift. I'm just trying to earn a living I don't want this job if customers will humiliate me God's willing… let me see what I can do Goodbye, "Hajji Hammad" Here , boy. -== [ www.OpenSubtitles.com ] ==- It was his fault and yet he looks grumpy Wipe the mirror "Master Ghaleb" thinks YOU should apologise ? Well done, "Abu Saddam" We must be moving in 15 minutes. Lock the truck and catch me up "FATHER OF SADDAM" - Hello stranger ! - "Monem" , how are you ? Are you working on the road here ? No, I'm here on vacation Whom are you working with ? I work with "Abu Saddam" Why are you walking away ? What's wrong, do you know him ? He is from my hometown "Beheira" he was married to a relative of mine then what … why do you look upset ? No, I'm not upset Thankfully, she's divorced him She's remarried and begot three children Begot ! so who's "Saddam" then ? That's their family name Have you worked with him before ? I used to, but I'm glad I left him He hasn't been on the road for almost five years Nobody would give him any job How long have you been working with him ? It's my first day on the road Let's exchange numbers Give me a call sometime And don't worry, you will find a better job some day no worries. whom you working with now ? My driver's called "Crowbar". Give me a call later Goodbye my friend - Checked the tyre pressure? - Yes - The coolant level ? - Yes - Engine oil ? - Perfect Let me see the delivery cash Can I see dust over there ! "Abu Saddam" , I have just wiped … OK , I will You're blocking my view - Have you eaten ? - No, I will eat later. You should have eaten I will drink some tea then Did I not say no hot drinks in the driver cabin ! Go get it Get what ? The cup you threw out Respect the road, and road will respect you The road is our workplace. Would you litter your own workplace ? No. I'm sorry, "Abu Saddam". How do you know this guy ? He worked for someone I know. They had a TOYOTA. I used to work with occasionally in "Abu Hommos" - What were you blabbing about ? - Nothing, just the usual greetings. Listen then, I don't like such chatter. Assistants waste time in gossip Don't be like them. Think before you speak. You are working for "Abu Saddam", and that's a privilege. That driver who passed us used to always call me Sir He couldn't dare to look me in the eyes - You mean "Crowbar" ? - Yes the damned "Crowbar" - Got what I mean ? - Yes, "Abu Saddam" Shall I put on some music ? ♪ [El Gaw Hady - Abdel Basset Hamouda] Stop the music - Hello "Hajji Hammad" - Hello "Abu Saddam" - How far have you got ? - Almost at "Sidi Heneish" - Have you talked to "Master Ghaleb" ? - No, I haven't called him yet. You have failed me I trusted you and given you a job ! Don't over-react. I didn't say I wouldn't call him Yes … God's willing I will let you know Goodbye "Hajji Hammad" got cranky ? I don't blame him, he can't lose his customers. If it wasn't him who asked me to apologise I only accepted this job for his sake. I have known him for years. I can't stand working in summer … Too crowded, women , and young kids. Let alone the drivers on the road, mere teenagers driving trailers. - In this case I ought to be a driver too - Oh yeah I left my job for a few years. Now, babies in diapers became drivers - What have you been doing during these years ? - Mind your own business. [HOME] - Would you like to be a driver ? - Under your supervision ! - You're such a phony - Who wouldn't want to be a driver - Your attitude shows otherwise - I was only chatting to my girlfriend - OK, what are the driver's blind spots - ahead and behind - Where else ? - Below the left cab - And … Your side! Below the right cab. It's the largest blind spot - As for you, that girl of yours will blind all your spots - Indeed, I will be full of blind spots I know a driver who crashed his trailer as he received a photo of his girlfriend's trailer He went crazy He had one hand on the wheel, and the other hand … you-know-where. When on the road, all your mind must be ON the road Otherwise, it's a crash Will I have to be abstinent if I become a driver - Well, if you crash you will be abstinent forever - God forbid ! Eyes on the road ! We can talk yet concentrate on the job [HOME] - Need the hands-free ? - No Grab me a banana Impossible ! What's wrong ! Here we go ! Let me pass What's your rush ! Get on with it Son of a … Such a bold woman You boy ! dispose of it Get me the hands-free Yes "Kareema" What's wrong ? I never change my word. I said no wedding. Even if it were your sister's Is that so ? That brother of yours will ruin your marriage Tell the chauffeur to go back I swear if you leave home you will never come back to it Stay at your family's for ever Hang up now, I have work to do. Such a girl will always end badly What girl ? That bastard we nearly crashed into her Never mess with a truck It can destroy your car without a sweat She doesn't care. Daddy will buy her a new one In the past, only professionals dared to drive on this road But nowadays … anyway ... I wish her no harm I pray she doesn't cause an accident A woman in revealing shorts, yet she dares to mess with us - Was she wearing shorts ? - Yes You scanned her thoroughly You monkey ! How short were the shorts ? - What else have you seen - "Abu Saddam" don't get carried away - I worry if I tell you, you'll get distracted and we end up crashing - Whatever you tell … I never lose my poise - Of course. You must have seen a lot from that driver's seat Shorts, skirts, pants, and all ! - Didn't you ? - I have seen a lot - Why don't you tell me ! - You love to small talk - It's only a pastime, it's a long journey - In the morning we hardly spoke at all until we unloaded the timber Keep in mind that I too have a lot of stories to tell you I'm sure you have seen a lot ! Mind your own business, boy. You're such a headache. Is that an accident ? Must have just happened. Oh my God ! Are you injured ? - Are you OK ma'am ? - Yes, thankfully. - It will all be alright. Check on your children - Have a warning triangle ? - Yes Don't worry young princess Don't worry little one I have got the money. Meet me at "Alamein" He's calling me now. Bye bye. - Whom are you talking with on the damn phone at such a time ? Bring two bananas and come down. Make it quick You're back "Abu Saddam" ?! Two sedan cars. No injuries. - I'm glad you're OK ma'am - Thank you - Licence and registration please - Yes [HOME] [Hajji Muslami] Get me the hands-free - Hello "Hajji Muslami" And you too dear All good, thankfully Would you accept what her brother has done ? Although I told her no weeding, her brother sends her a cab No respect for her husband ! It's not about the Wedding, "Hajji" A wife that disobeys her husband should be restrained at home. If circumstances were different, I would have taken her myself It's her cousin's wedding I know they're as close as sisters She disobeys me , "Hajji" and her brother encourages her against me No sorry. After what her brother has done, I will never let her attend the wedding. I do respect you , "Hajji" I wish I could … I'm working, I'm on the road Please don't insist … OK, "Hajji" I can't turn you down Congratulations. God bless their marriage Goodbye lucky you , we both are invited to a wedding. What wedding ? A relatives of mine. Not far , in "Alamein" I should call "Hajji Hammad", get me the hands-free - I say you go to the wedding and I will find my way home. Hello, "Hajji Hammad" May I ask your permission My in-laws are having a wedding party in "Alamein" I wish to stop there and congratulate them If you disapprove, then no problem. Business is business Thanks "Hajji" Yes I will call "Master Ghaleb", but when I arrive there. I do respect you , "Hajji" I'm just not in the mood to call him Only because you asked. Thanks "Hajji" , God bless you You're very thoughtful Shall I give a cash gift in your name ? Thanks "Hajji" , God bless you If it's OK, I shall borrow some cash to gift the newlyweds and I will pay you back on our arrival Thanks "Hajji", you're always generous Alright "Hajji" Good bye - I say you go to the wedding and I will find my way home. - That shall not be. We leave together, we return together - Where would you go ? - Go back home, that's it. - You you shall never see such a wedding. There's going to be singing, dancing, and stuff … don't you like the stuff ? Alright then. - Shall I buy anything ? - We'd just stopped at the last rest - Need anything ? Get me my keys and my cigarette lighter I won't be long - Strong tea please. - We've no tea, only espresso coffee - Coffee it is If I leave now, he will chase me and find me I mustn’t give him a reason for suspicion Alas, coffee is good enough can't say otherwise. Coffee keeps one awake I wish I could buy coffee for every driver on the road … … so that they wake up. One can't risk any accidents. - So ? - 25 pounds I will pick you in this car for a joyride I will get him to move it, Miss - Thanks - Help yourself for sugar - "Abu Saddam" - What ? - Had a good look at the shorts ? - Not that good - You're such a womanizer … Won't you tell me ! - Tell you what ? - You know what - You're such a headache - OK, but promise not to pester me again - Done - Ten, eleven, years ago I was driving to Libya I had a cargo to deliver there Back then, past "Sidi Abd El-Rahman" the road was all deserted Only a couple of resorts, frequented only by the elite … diplomats, ministers, and honorific titles Anyway, around sunset, I noticed a car parked on an unpaved path near the beach I was concerned so I slowed down I thought somebody could be in trouble It was almost dark Anyway, I stepped down only to find nobody in that car It was an expensive car nobody could just park it there I looked around, and noticed something left on the ground It was ladies' underwear I looked further, and saw a lady coming out of the water Such a beauty Sweet as Turkish delight Tan skin Wearing eyeliner on her large eyes Thick black her … Naked, as the day she was born - Oh - Indeed Then she walked past me, and caressed her hair … … and said "Sorry" Then she bent to pick up her panties Then she picked her brassieres and put them on Then she put on her dress What did you do then ? I did nothing I stood still like a statue She asked for a cigarette, so I gave her one Then asked me if I had a car … and asked if I knew the "Alamein" cemetery. I said "Yes" Then, we hopped on the truck She said "I want to drive". I said "Alright" I put her on the driver seat and let her drive She took hold of the wheel and went on laughing She was very happy, as if it were her first time to drive I was sitting there just glaring at her beauty Such a girl … Sweet as Turkish delight I couldn't keep it together. I asked her to pull over. As soon as she stopped, I pulled her hair. We did it in the sleeper cab - Way to go, "Abu Saddam" - We spent two three hours, we turned the cab upside down The night fell, without us noticing Then she said she wanted to see the cemetery I said now ?! I better give you a lift back to your car Never, she wanted the cemetery I said "OK" we drove to "Alamein" cemetery We got down, and walked around Then she pulled my hand, and said let's go inside I said "No way !" It's too dark and deserted I better get you back to your car She says "Never" "One more time, inside there" To be honest, I was afraid. I said here is good enough She insisted we go inside Then what … Nothing, I jumped in the car and drove away. You left her alone ? There's more … A few days later, I was at "Sallum" rest house I overheard the other drivers say A driver's body was found at "Alamein" … … slain, with his clothes off Yet his money and all belongings were on him Then I guessed what could have happened to him Oh my God Are you serious ?! - You spent three hours with her - Oh yes For two days I couldn't get my feet to drive ♪ [Eshtegalat - Klodia Hana] - Turn, all the way - Clear, "Abu Saddam" - Come on … All good, boss. - Check your right - All clear, "Abu Saddam" - "Hassan", my shirt is in the back get it "Hassan", keep close - Welcome, welcome - God bless you - Boy … over here - Stop the music - Introduce yourself … - "Abu Saddam" From the road master Of the heavy trucks Heavy indeed Second that East to west To "Shaickh Muslami" Second that and from "Hassan" Good old "Hassan" Second that and from "Hajji Hammad" Second that - That was "Abu Saddam" Fire away Come on in Hello everybody You confront me with him ? You lured me here ? Not at all. We're are family and want to have a word Come on in Welcome all - "Abu Saddam" , we are all concerned our daughter is beaten If she's mistaken, you ought to discipline her This is a private family matter You know well, Family violence leads to psychological damage I never discussed her past with her divorcee But I don't blame him for divorcing her - If you touch her again I will kill you - Hear that … - "Araby" , I will send you out - Uncle, he plays strong man only at my sister - Kid, watch your language - Prove yourself - "Araby" , shut up - "Araby", go out I must stand up for my sister - I aplogoise … on his behalf Sit down - Give us a moment, guys - Alright "Shaikh", our best wishes - Excuse us - I aplogoise - Never mind old man - I was told you are short-tempered, I said but he's kind-hearted. They said he's been without a job for a few years I said work will come to genuine people They said he's rough and impudent I said the wife must be tolerant We're not like other families Your divorced in-laws denounced you I said they must be treacherous people One should never denounce their own in-laws When "Kareema" told me you wanted to pawn her jewelry Why surprised ! I'm still family. I told her "obey your husband" "attend to all his needs" A kind request, "Abu Saddam" don't beat her … she's a poor orphan devoted to you. She wishes to make up. I know her, she's stubborn. if she disobeys you, just let me know and I myself will give her a good beating I'm not a wimp I know how to handle my household I never said so, You're a brave man I only intercede because you're like a son to me Just for my sake … If I'm dear to you Do the medical tests … … for infertility Then she will settle down. May God bless you both - Let God's will be done - Amen to that, But, seek and you shall find Get up, go enjoy your time with the lads After you "Hajji", I will just make a phone call Make yourself at home See you Hello … Hello "Kareema" Tomorrow morning, I will send a cab to pick you up to see your cousin and congratulate her and back on the same day. Don't sweet talk me , "Kareema" You're an ungrateful wife to dob me in to your family I only agreed for your uncle's sake You'll get back your jewelery twofold. Yes, I'm back to work I'm getting a lot of calls I want you to settle down, and I will forgive you what you've done Although it was unforgiveable What's past is past Switch off your mobile, no calls from uncle or brother When I'm back ... huh As you please , "Kareema" I won't beg you … ungrateful cow "Master Ghaleb" and to you too It's "Mr. Abu Saddam" I only wanted to say, your young worker behaved … Watch your tone You can't talk to me like this You should discipline your staff No, I'm never at fault, nobody dares to scratch my truck He should be thankful I didn't run him over I needn't to escalate to you You two are nothing to me I'm "Abu Saddam" , you filthy people - Sober ? - Yes Aren't we going to get some sleep ? - We will get some in five When we get at the service station - Where's the delivery cash ? - In safe hands Enough of that, mind the road - It's them - Whom ? - The two dancers - You had too much beer - I'm sure it's her. - Oh la la - Check your right - All clear, "Abu Saddam" - Shall I come too ? - Lock up first then follow me "Hassan", give him a hand What's wrong , driver. Is she hiccupped ! Good evening ladies - Windup your window, "Nahla" - It's too hot - How about we give you a ride - Where are you headed - As you like it This is car doesn't suit you - It even has no air conditioner - In this piece of junk ! - My car is well conditioned - "Sayeed" wake up. - Shall we have the pleasure, or do you have some fears ? - I fear ? - Some do fear I would if I were you. - Oh really ? - Really. - So where are you headed - back to "Amreya" - As I thought … You come with to "Agamy" for sightseeing tomorrow morning, I drop you off at "Amreya" - What's your name - "Lucky" - Wind up your window, "Nahla" - What do you want with me ? - It's not me who wants - Let's go - Where are you going ? - Good bye and good riddance - Have you got a cigarette - Sure do - Light it - Watch out - Oh - "Hassan" , meet me at the service station - Where's that service station - A two-kilometer walk past a vacant lot - I need to get my bag - Don't rush See you "Abu Saddam" - Excuse me Miss - What the … I like everything about you - Are you on the groom's side, or the bride's side - I'm on my own side I go back and forth wherever I like "Abu Saddam" The road master. Ask around I've come because the mood strikes, lest you think … But I tell you what You were like a stallion on the dance floor Dancing the way it should be - Mate, you danced better than I did - No comparison … Compare cream to iron ? - Iron - Steel, my dear - Focus on the road - I'm in focus Don't come to meet me send me your location Send me your location I've got the money - So … The air conditioner was too strong, isn't ? - Yes - I sure know Like no other Did you think otherwise - What is it, boss ? - Am I right, or am I right ! You men are all psychos … Can't you just enjoy the moment - Watch it, girl Yes, you were tough like a bull Oh my oh my Happy now ! I'm talking serious - Listen, I need to go - No way - I must go - No, wait You're such a bore - I will give you a lift - No - What's wrong settle down - Listen dear, I've come with you because I liked to and I will leave when I like to Save your temper for your wife at home - I say you wait, so you wait - I said no, I must leave - You're not leaving, I'm not done yet - None of my business - Like it or not - Damn you, you will regret it What do you take me for I'm no slave-girl I'm "Nahla", ask around … Son of a … Shame on you disgraceful driver You're all alike - How was it ? - Mind your own business - What have I done ? - Damn you two. Get lost - Go join your filthy friend. Damn you both - Hop on - What happened ? - Filthy … - What took you so long ? - I just followed the road. - If that's so, why were you blabbering with her - I did not start it, she was already standing there What an idiot - Calm down - one more word and I will throw you out of the car Check your right Clear, "Abu Saddam" Good evening. Who is she ? Pardon ? - The girl you chat up on the phone - It's a sincere girl Sincere ! I'm sure you know many different girls Stop bluffing She's from "Alexandria" Is she good looking ? I will show you She sure is "Alexandrian" I'm glad to see you smile That's why you were glued to your mobile the whole way ? No , you want to see the real stuff Scroll through … Since you're now in a good mood Tell me, what have you been up to the last few years I'm new on this job, I honestly don't know … I worked as a micro-bus driver Stingy job Just to earn a living, until "Hajji Hammad" called me up Why did you lose your job in the first place ? - I injured another driver on the head - By God ! - He was handing over the shift to me the brakes were faulty I insisted not to take over He said "play ball" argument built up I hit him on the head with a crowbar - Oh my God Since then, everybody's calling him names Call him what ? You don't mean … What's his name … They call him "Crowbar" "Crowbar" Here … Enough gossip Gather your gear so that we drive on "Hajji Hammad" must be worried - He called me, but I didn't answer - I will handle it - Finish up your tea ? - No I'm "Abu Saddam" The road master - Good morning, boss. - Good morning - Licence and registration - Sure - Pull over and get out of the vehicle - What's wrong, my licence is valid - Do as you're told - Oh my God, That was the last thing I need Good morning Sir. - Check that red car over there What's wrong, boss ? What is it you you've done wrong ? I don't understand Where's sergeant "Bedeer" ? Where are you from ! From "Delingat", why ? What's wrong, please answer me - The office held your licence - Why so ? Somebody reported your number plates What for ? and who reported it ? Where's sergeant "Bedeer" You're too old, he's retired two years ago Hello Sergeant "Bedeer" How are you dear man. It's "Abu Saddam" "Abu Saddam" the truck driver God bless you I've just learnt that you've retired God bless you Listen, I'm now at the check point There's a new police officer, he doesn't seem to recognise me It's me "Abu Saddam" the truck driver Can't you remember me ? The International Coast Road ! Could it be that dancer ? Get me the cigarette lighter Good morning Sir - Sir - What do you want - I only wanted to know why you holding me up Do I know you ? I'm "Mr. Abu Saddam", this is my truck over there Do you call yourself the road master ? The road has no master. I did nothing wrong If that's so, then wait until you're called That's how we treat road bullies Need anything ? Why did you leave the truck ? I'm here if you need anything - Boss - Yes Hasn't Sergeant "Bedeer" called you about me Don't be pathetic, relying on "Bedeer" Take my advice, follow protocol if you want to go home Keep quite and don't approach the officer again - Yes, but I need to know why am I being held up ! - Already told you, somebody reported your number plates Keep calm and sit down Yes "Kareema" , enough already You will see her tomorrow What ? Go where ? Your brother ! Your brother has no say in this matter I'm the only one you should listen to, woman ! I'm man enough for you and your family When I return I fix you both up Sir, I need my licence back - Here you are Why are you making noise This is not fair, I'm in compliance. I've done nothing wrong No, you're not in compliance You bully other road users not caring for other's safety You could be on drugs, and I will find out soon How dare you call me a druggie I have my reputation I've been driving for years Your loud voice doesn't scare me Take him for a drug test. I said shut up Is this how you address a police officer Move it Fill the specimen jar Would you like a cup of tea ? Here You should be thankful he forgave you Only because "Abu Ali" intervened Otherwise, you'd be jailed You should learn from his good manners Hit the road, and keep away from trouble Wipe the mirror [Hajji Hammad] It's "Hajji Hammad" Don't answer Why are you indicating left ? I beg you, dismiss any evil thoughts. Shut up Calm down, "Abu Saddam" Easy, "Abu Saddam" I beg you You will lead us into jail The guy must be well connected Be rational It's not the same car I swear it's a different car Watch out Fix your mirror