And hold the onions. What? What did you say? Oh. Nothing. Land! Uh, what's the good word, strangers? Food. Ah, White Man. Welcome to Huma Huma Nuka Nuka Apawa Island. Well, thanks. Gee, did you say that? The back please, the back. ♫ We're going to have roast rabbit ♫ We're going to have roast rabbit ♫ We're going to have roast rabbit ♫ We're going to have roast rabbit ♫ We're going to have roast Ouch! No you don't! Put a knife on me, would ya? Why you. One false move out of you and I'll. A ship. A ship. We're saved. We're saved. We're saved. We're saved. ♫ We're going on a boat ♫ We're going on a boat ♫ Tra la la la la la la Bon voyage, bon voyage. Have a nice trip, fellas. Fair well, au revoir. Don't forget to write. I'll see you again next time. Goodbye. Enjoy yourself. Bye bye, fare well. Goodbye, goodbye. Bon voyage, bon voyage. Fair well, goodbye. Don't forget to write. Fair well. Bon voyage. Schultz! ♫ It's a sign of the old world over ♫ It's the poor what gets sublime ♫ All while the rich has all the gravy ♫ Now I'm glad flattered at the same time Pull out those lights! Schultz! Schultz! Say, Leader Krantz, what time is it? When you hear the tone it will be exactly 6:45 and one quarter. Schultz. 6:45 and one quarter. May I present you with this little token of our esteem. For me? Oh just a little going away present. Well? See ya around. Schultz! Schultz? Heil Hitler. It's all yours Von Lamburger. Hello, Schultz? I want you to. Oh, is that you? Messersmiths. A whole mess of Messersmiths. A mess of Messersmiths. Ah now try and duck this one, you duck. Heil Hitler. Gosh, I wish people wouldn't be scared of me. Here, folks, see the wonders of the moon. Only 10 cents. Here, folks, see the wonders of the moon. Only 10 cents. May I have a look, mister? Sure, sonny, step right. A ghost! Gee, the man in the moon looks friendly. Golly, I'll go up and visit him. Gosh, there's no man in the moon. Nothing, but rocks and holes. I'm tired. He's a giant. He's a monster. Let's capture him for the king. Golly, moon people. They're real cute. Hm, I wonder what they're going to do with me. His celestial majesty, ruler of the moon. King Luna. Who be you monster and from whence comest thou? Your majesty, I'm Casper the friendly ghost. And I come from the planet Earth. Bah, the planet Earth, a likely story if ever I heard one. But, King Luna, I do want to be friendly. The monster's got me! Guard, guards, put the monster in the royal dungeon. Gee, even the moon people are afraid of me. The tree men are attacking! The tree men are attacking! The walls. Defend the city. Hooray, you got them on the run. Come on, men, keep fighting. Let me down, you coward, and fight like a man. Gosh, they need help. For your valiant defense of my people, I rank thee Sir Friend Casper. ♫ Casper the friendly ghost ♫ The friendliest ghost you'll know ♫ Though grown-ups might ♫ Look at him with fright ♫ The children all love him so ♫ Casper the friendly ghost ♫ The friendliest ghost you know Olive Oil, you has been my girlfriend for a long, long time and now on me bended knee I propose this marriage and also wants you to be me wife. Popeye, I accept your... Olive, I also want your hand in marriage. Oh dear, I guess I'll just have to choose one of you boys. Eenie meenie minie moe I shall choose this here beau. Me? Yippee! Popeye, you come back at 3:00 and I'll be all dressed up for the wedding. You win, Popeye. Congratulations, old pal. The best man won. Gee, thanks, Bluto. I shall returns at 3:00 sharp. All dressed in me wedding duds. See you later, Popeye. Gosh, this sure is hard water. I think just a pinch oughta do the trick. I best of hurries if I want to be on time. Uh-oh. Yipe, I'm nearly late. Well blow me down, me feets feel like lead. Everything happens on me wedding day. Oh my gosh, I need to shave. Huh? ♫ Here comes the groom dressed like a goon So, you did all this, you double crosser. I can just make it. Oh that must be Popeye. Come on, Olive. I'm all ready for the wedding. Popeye, is this your idea of a joke? Getting married in a barrel? Congratulations, old pal. The best man won. Oh, hello, Bluto. Olive, I just happened by and was hoping you changed your mind. I most certainly have. And now do you, Bluto, promise that you will wash the windows, paint the house, mop the floors, obey your spouse? Do the laundry, feed the cat, mow the lawn, and stuff like that? Give up smoking, never chew, pay your bills before they're due? Never argue, never roam, spend every single night at home? No no, that's not for me. Come back, you coward. So long, fellas. I'll surprise her with these flowers. I brought you orchids. Flowers. Hello, Olive, I come to take you to the zoo to see the aminals. I'm too busy, Popeye. Oh your loss. But you can take Sweetpea. Huh? Okay, come on, Sweetpea we're going to the zoo. Don't let him get scared. Oh I'll take good care of him. Don't worry about that. Remember don't frighten him. Oh. Woah, Sweetpea, oh, Sweetpea. Oh there you are. Here's the zoo. Woah, Sweetpea, oh, Sweetpea. Woah. I wonder where he went to. I see you hiding under there. Or maybe he crawled under there. I know where he is. There. Woah. Sweetpea. Hey get away from that dangerous elephant. You want to get murdered? Come on now, be a good little boy. Come on, come on, come on. Woah, hey. You can't do this to me. You have a big trunk I see. Hey. Woah. Oh he's trying to tell me something I think. All right. That'll give you something. Sweetpea, Sweetpea come back here. Hey. All right, zipper mouth, you asked for it. Sleep tight, young fella. You've chucked your last chuck. Oh, Sweetpea, oh, Sweetpea. Sweetpea, woah. How did you get in there? Why you overstuffed. You've been a very naughty boy. That'll teach ya. Woah! If you wants to play aminals, play with this. What's the matter with that doll? Why Popeye you big fat oaf. I told you not to scare a toddler. I told you not to scare him. ♫ There's no ifs or maybes ♫ I'll never have babies ♫ I'm Popeye the sailor man I better hurry. I just got 10 minutes to catch my plane. Hold everything, sasso. Pew. This is your lucky day. Opportunity is knocking. But I've got a very important appointment. I'll say you have. My card. Yes, sir. Daffy Duck, personal representative of the most sensational discovery since the sweater girl. He's colossal, stupendous. One might even go so far as to say he's mediocre. I give you that paragon of pep and personality. Sleepy Lagoon. Picture a packed house. The kid's on. The orchestra gives him a four-bar vamp and the kid give it to them like this. ♫ I'm just wild about Harry ♫ And Harry is wild about me ♫ Heavenly blesses of his kisses ♫ Tells me extras That's just a rough draft, you understand. ♫ He's as sweet as chocolate candy ♫ And just like honey from a bee ♫ Or I'm just wild about Harry ♫ And he's wild about ♫ Can not do without ♫ He is from the South ♫ Can't you hear me shout ♫ Talking with my mouth ♫ Could you ever doubt ♫ He's just wild about me The kid finishes with thundering applause. He takes a bow. They're screaming for an encore, encore. Gives us more, we want more. Give us more, give us some more, give us some more. Ah, but the kid give them another song? No, he makes with a banjo solo. Like so. Just a minute, chubby. You ain't seen half of the kid's repertoire. Oh here's one that the kid does that you'll like. ♫ Boom chicka boom chicka boom ♫ Boom boom ♫ Boom chicka boom chicka boom ♫ When a sweetie down in Rio de Janeiro ♫ She makes up the caballero ♫ With something he can't resist ♫ When she kisses him ♫ It's just like enchiladas ♫ With a dish of Capistrano ♫ And a bunch of rice and fish ♫ When she loves him ♫ With the moon above ♫ She is one hot tamale ♫ Who can love him good by golly ♫ In September and November ♫ Not to mention cold December ♫ In the springtime, in the summer ♫ Or when autumn leaves are falling ♫ She'll love him ♫ Boom chicka boom chicka boom ♫ Chicka boom, la, la ♫ La, la, la, la ♫ Woo ♫ Even though you're only make believing ♫ Laugh, clown, laugh Yee-hee-hee! ♫ I'm a cowboy, yes sir, I am ♫ Yes sir, I am a cowboy, yes sir, I am ♫ I'm a cowboy, yes sir, I am ♫ Yes sir, I am a cowboy ♫ Yee-Hee ♫ We watch the skyways ♫ O'er the land and the sea ♫ Ready to fly anywhere that duty calls ♫ Ready to fight to be free ♫ You're just an angel in disguise ♫ Over hill and over dale ♫ We're always on the dusty trail ♫ Hunting fox and hunting quail ♫ Tally-ho! ♫ I am a hunting fool ♫ Giddy up, giddy up, giddy up ♫ My horse and I are of the finest breed ♫ Giddy up, giddy up, giddy up ♫ Just like the wind I ride by forward speed ♫ Sure of foot and sure of eye ♫ Peeling onions makes me cry ♫ This makes no sense and so do I ♫ So don't you go and beat me daddy ♫ To the nearest bar ♫ Yeah And now the kid goes into his finale and what a finale! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! All right, let's see what the kid can do. Okay, Sleepy. Do your stuff. ♫ Let springtime blossoms bloom again ♫ In the garden of ♫ My heart Hey, get a load of this, folks. It says here, a constant menace to pilots are the gremlins who wreck planes with their diabolical sabotage. Gremlins. Oh, murder! Gremlins. What a fairy tale. Little men, oh brother! Eh, what's all the hubbub, bub? Shh! These blockbuster bombs don't go off unless you hit them just right. Yeah? Yeah. Hey, mac. Let me take a whack at it. What am I doing! Why you little. You, you, you, you. Gasp! Hey I bet that was, say do you's think that. Hey, could that have been a gremlin? It ain't Wendell Willkie! Which way did he go, George? Which way did he go? Hmm. That way. Well gee thanks a lot, George. Thanks a lot. What's the matter, bunny rabbit? Speak to me. Why don't you say something? I'm only three and a half years old. I like him. He's silly. Here, gremlin! Here, gremlin, gremlin, gremlin. Nice gremlin. Who hoo! Going down. Sorry, folks. We ran out of gas. Yeah, you know how it is with these A cards. If you kids wants to be sailors like your Uncle Popeye, you will has to learn about them. First, this is the famous boat that George Washington couldn't have crossed the Delaware without. Huh? Come on now, breaks it up! Now here's Noah, the world's first sailor. And on his maiden voyage, it rained for 40 days, every night. Hey! You kids will get us throwed out of here. Here's a statue of a mighty mariner, Sindbad, the greatest sailor in the whole world. But Uncle Popeye. You said you was the greatest sailor in the world. Well, er, uh, uh, uh, that, that's right! I once met Sindbad the Sailor and knocked the tar out of him. Tell us. About it. Uncle Popeye. Well, Sindbad lived on an island in the Pacific Ocean that was far, far, away. ♫ I'm Popeye the sailor ♫ I'm Popeye the sailor Wreck that ship and bring me the girl. Oh dear and I can't swim. Help, Popeye. Unclaw me you big overstuffed canary. Save me, Popeye. I demand that you release me. So nice of you to drop by. I never talk to strangers. Come on, Wippy, we has to saves Olive Oil. All ashore that's going ashore. Last stop, everybody off. Nothing ventured nothing gained is what I always says. This sure ain't no tunnel of love I can tell you that right now. It's inhumane to put chains on pussycats. Help, Popeye! That's Olive. The gig is up. Oh Popeye. Puts up your dukes you sea wolf. I think your sails need trimming. Why you little one eyed rut. Hey put me down you big worm snatcher. Popeye, come back! Don't leave me, Popeye. Dinner is served. Hey, waits a minute. Get rid of him. One for you and one for you. Oh no you don't. Who says two heads are better than one? Nobody can beat me! Surprise! Peek-a-boo! Gee Uncle Popeye. Did you. Get killed? No let me finish. Let me finish! There was me spinach can, rolling towards the edge of the cliff and. Attaboy, Popeye! Give him the old onesie twosie! Hooray! Hooray for Popeye! And that's why I'm the greatest sailor in the world! Huh? Hey Babbit! Babbit! No, Babbit! Cut it out! I don't wanna, I tell ya. I don't wanna do it. I won't do it. I can't do it. Now wait a minute. Wait a minute. I don't want no part of it. Listen. You want to eat don't you? Yeah Babbit, I want to eat. I love to eat. Well then, go up and get the bird out of that nest, and we'll eat. But I don't want to hurt no bird. I like birds. I'd go hungry first. What's the matter fraidy cat? This is only a tiny, little bird. You mean a poor little, tinsy winsy, itsy bitsy, defenseless bird? Yes! Let me at him! Let me at him! I'll get him Babbit! Gangway! I'll murdalize him. Let me at him. Take it easy! Take it easy! I'll show him. Where does he get that stuff? Don't hold me back. I'll get him. I'll show him. Come on, quit your fooling. Get up that ladder. Don't push me, Babbit. Don't push me. I'm scared to go up high. I get heightrophobia. Don't push me. You can't make me do it. You can't make me do it. He doed it. Come on stupid. Get the bird. Give me the bird! Give me the bird! If that Hays office would only let me. I'd give him the bird alright. Babbit! Babbit! Whoa! Babbit! Hey, Babbit! Look, stilts! Help! Help! Babbit! Here I go again! Catch me! Help! Hey, I'm too young to die. Help! Save me! Help! Hey, how'd you get a way up here? Say Babbit, are you sure this thing is going to be okay? Of course, of course. Everything's under control. Don't push me down in the box, Babbit. Please don't do it. Don't do it. Hey Babbit! Oh Babbit! Babbit! What's the matter now? I'm afraid of the dark. Well I'll let you out then. I thought I taw a puddy tat. I did! I taw a puddy tat. Oh the poor puddy tat. He crushed his little head. Gee Babbit, I'm just no good. Oh, the breaks were against you. I'm a floperoo. I can't even get the bird. Don't worry. You'll get it alright. You mean I'll get it in the end? Yeah. And you'll get a big bang out of it, too. Well, that sure takes a load off of my mind. Hey cut it out. Cut it out, pigeon. Don't do that. This little piddy went to market. Babbit! This little piddy stayed home. Babbit! This little piddy had roast beef. Babbit! Well what do you know? I ran out of piddies. Babbit! Babbit! Here, puddy tat. I'll save you! Where are you? Speak to me! Speak to me! Come on. Stop your clowning. What's the matter with you? Aren't you ashamed? I don't know. Why do you do these things? I'm a bad pussycat. Oh, I just can't seem to get the bird. 'Tain't no use. Don't worry. I can't do it. This will get you up there. Contact. Contact. Contact. Contact. Contact. Contact. Hey, Babbit! I'm a Spitfire! Hello, Fourth Interceptor Command? I see an unidentified object flying around my little head. Is there an insurance salesman in the house? Air raid! Lights out! Total blackout! Break it up, puddy tats. Break it up! Air raid! Lights out! Total blackout! Hey, now's our chance, come on. Turn out those lights! Stop. Now go on and play. My little Pudgy. It's time for your recreation, dear. Sweet thing. Get away from my dog! You little nobody! Hmm! Oh, Mrs Prissy Prissy Go on home! Oh, aren't you the one! Oh, what's the matter, little Pudgy? ♫ Every little nobody is somebody to someone ♫ You're not just a nobody, you're somebody to me ♫ You just never hand a chance ♫ To show what you can do ♫ Don't you mind if now and then ♫ Some people laugh at you ♫ Someday you'll be somebody and nobody will tease you ♫ You'll have lots of blue ribbons ♫ Now you just wait and see ♫ Every little nobody is somebody to someone ♫ And you'll always be ♫ Somebody to me Come back, come back, come back, please. ♫ Every little nobody is somebody to someone ♫ And you'll always be ♫ Boop Oop-A-Doop ♫ Somebody to me ♫ Spend the night at the Cobweb Hotel ♫ You'll find that the service is swell ♫ Now you needn't be shy ♫ I won't harm a fly ♫ Spend the night at the Cobweb Hotel ♫ Come into my parlor, please do ♫ In a while, all your cares will be through ♫ There'll be no rent to pay ♫ 'Cause you'll be here to stay ♫ Spend the night at the Cobweb Hotel New customers. The register. You'll be very pleased here. Newlyweds. Thank you. Now make yourselves at home while I prepare your room. I'll be right back. Nice and cozy. Come into my parlor, please do! Here is your suite. I'll get you. ♫ And now as we go, there is something we know ♫ Keep away from that Cobweb Hotel Woah woah woah, what happened? Huh? I gotta gets me some sleep. Go peddle your cheese outside. I've got to hit the hay. Huh? Oh, parking next to a hydrant, eh? I hates to do this, but I has to get some shuteye. Got him! Gosh, I hopes I didn't hurted him too much. Yow! That's all I can stands. I can't stands no more! That ought to keep that mouse out of the house. ♫ Good morning, dear teacher ♫ Good morning to you Here's an apple, Mr Tibbs. Thank you, Tubby. We will now proceed with our history lesson. Lulu? Yes, sir? In what year did the pilgrims land? 1492. 1492? Then when did Columbus discover America? 1776. Wrong again. Lulu, when did Ben Franklin died? Gee, did he die? I didn't know he was even sick. Lulu go to the corner and study your history lesson. 1776. 1492. American history. Hey, Lulu, when was America discovered? Why that's Tubby. I'll get him. Pardon me, I'm Lulu and I'm looking for Tubby. Well I'm Columbus and I'm looking for America. Gadzooks, what a strange land is this? America, we discover you. Lulu, plant our flag. I just planted our flag. Tubby, it is you. Has anyone here seen Tubby? Has anyone here seen? Tubby. Why don't you speak for yourself, doll. Tubby. Where are you? Two arms, two arms, the Red Coats are coming. Run, run faster, faster. Listen, mac, if I can get much faster I'd be in the Kentucky Derby. Look at that. Bunker Hill. The Red Coats are coming. Don't shoot until you see the whites in my eyes. Indians, they're after our stuff. Run! But where are the Indians? We're in the American League. Woohoo. ♫ One little, two little, three little Indians ♫ Four little, five little, six little Indians ♫ Seven little, eight little, nine little Indians ♫ 10 little Indian boys Hold out your hand. Boy, you sure stuck your neck out that time. Backward, turn backward, O time in your flight. Make me a child again, just for tonight. And between these covers, we find these immortal fables. Sleeping Beauty. Remember the lovely princess who was bewitched into a deep slumber until her Prince Charming came to break the spell? Come on, wake up, wake up. You lazy good for nothing! Come on, wake up! Tom Thumb, the little boy who got his name because he was no bigger than a man's thumb. Let's pay this interesting family a visit. Good evening, Mr and Mrs Thumb. Where's little Tom? Are you Tom Thumb? Uh, yeah, that's me. Why I thought you were no bigger than a man's thumb! How did you get so big? Vitamin B1. The Grasshopper and the Ant. The story of the industrious little ant and the lazy grasshopper. ♫ Heaven can wait ♫ This is paradise ♫ Heaven can wait You're gonna be sorry! I've worked all summer and put away plenty for the winter. But you, you lazy thing, you're gonna starve! The bad boy of the fairy tales, the Boy Who Cried Wolf. Wolf, wolf, help, help! The Wolf, wolf, help, help! Wolf, wolf, wolf, wolf! What a jerk! What a dope! There's a lad who could stand some discipline. What a dope! He'll learn his lesson someday. Jack and the Beanstalk. The story of the boy who climbed a beanstalk, only to be met at the top by a ferocious two-headed giant who forced Jack to run for his life. Say! You almost had him. Why did you quit? Uh, he's been sick. The Wolf in Sheep's Clothing. The fifth columnist of his day. By means of a disguise, he preyed upon unsuspecting little sheep. Scram, bum! I'm working this side of the pasture. The Arabian Nights gave us the story of Aladdin and his wonderful lamp. All Aladdin had to do was to rub the lamp and presto! The genie appeared! ♫ I dream of genie with the light brown hair ♫ I dream of genie with the light brown hair Wolf, wolf, help, help! There's that nasty kid again. The Wolf, wolf! What a dope! What a jerk! Hey, young fella! You're going to yell "Wolf!" once too often. Aw, go on, go on. Mind your own business. Mind your own business. Can't a guy have a little fun? A session in the woodshed wouldn't do that boy any harm. And here's a bird you wouldn't mind having in your own home. A goose that lays golden eggs. Hey, wait a minute! You're supposed to lay golden eggs. Not anymore, brother, I'm doing my bit for National Defense. Old Mother Hubbard went to the cupboard to get her poor dog a bone. Why you dirty, double-crossing. Food hoarder! She's a food hoarder! Food hoarder! Remember this little nursery rhyme? This little piggy went for to market. This little piggy he's gone for to stay home. This little piggy he's have roast beef and smashed potatoes. And this poor little piggy he don't have anything, all kinds of things, to eat. And this little piggy he's for to crying like anything! Wee, wee, wee, all the way home! Yow! For crying out Pete's Sake, Mother, be careful, my corn! Cinderella and her glass slipper. A little girl... Wolf, wolf, help, help, somebody! Uh, uh, he's at it again! Wolf, wolf, help, help, the wolf! ♫ Where the honeysuckle vine ♫ Twines itself around the door ♫ A sweetheart mine is waiting ♫ Patiently for me ♫ So please come back to The typical American farm presents many interesting sights. This show horse is the pride of the farm and the winner of many blue ribbons. He is trained to perform in every gait. First, let's see you do a trot. Now, the gallop. That's fine. Now, do a canter. ♫ I'm happy about the whole thing ♫ The way that you walk ♫ The way that you talk Hey, hey! That's enough of that. Here we find the farmer's faithful old watchdog. Though he is no longer very active, he still does a few little odd jobs around the house. One of his chores is to fetch the newspaper. Oh, there's the paper now. I can hardly wait to see what happened to Dick Tracy. Here is a group of cute little piggies playing in the mud. Well, what are they up to? They seem fascinated by that clock. Oh well. Here's the proud mother hen, carefully watching over her eggs, anxiously awaiting the eventful day. What a happy, little family this will be. What's this? A weasel! The ruthless thief of the barnyard. Watching his chance to sneak in and steal those defenseless little eggs. He draws closer, and closer, and closer! Boo! Don't ever do that! In the nearby trees, we find many species of bird life. The birds always. Oh, look up there. No, no, over to the left. See? A little owl, nestling inside the tree trunk. Who! Who! Who's Yehudi? Who? Here's an interesting sight. A young couple laboriously building their nest with a bit of string from here and a piece of straw from there. A little twig, a bit of string, piece of straw. A little twig, a bit of string, piece of straw. A little twig, bit of string, piece of straw, little twig. String, straw, twig, string, straw, twig, string. Straw, twig, string, straw. ♫ There's no place like home At the edge of the woods, field mice make their home. Here we see one of the most common types. Say, he seems to be a bit worried. Tell me little fellow, what seems to be troubling you? I don't know, Doc. I, I just keep hearing things. Even the tiniest of insects, such as the ants, have a language all their own. Emerging from the opening, comes a female of the species. If you listen very closely, you can hear her calling to her young. Henry! Coming, mother. A modern farm is conducted on a business-like. Well, here are those little piggies again. Say piggies, why don't you go off and play? Mmm, Mmm! Oh well, suit yourself. Here is one of the strangest friendships that has ever been known. Natural enemies, yet living together as friends. A cat and a mouse. Tell me, is it true that the cat takes good care of you? And keeps you nice and warm? Well that's truly a friendship. Now before we leave you, is there anything that you would like to say to your friends in the audience? Get me outta here! And so, as the day draws to a close and the sun sinks slowly in the west. We reluctantly take our leave of the farm. Well, the piggies again! Are they going to stay there all night? What in the world can the attraction be? Dinner time! Oh dear, every day it's the same thing! Howdy, folks. You know, I reckon a lot of you people out there are sort of wondering about us here on the farm during this war. Well, I want you to know that we're prepared for any emergency. Yeah, sure. Just like the city folks. Now, take this farmer here. Why, he's heard and read about them there incendiary bombs. You know what he's done? He's even trained his pet dog to help put out the fires. Here's his dog just about to go into action. He's a full-blooded spitz. Now, take this here cow for instance. Why, you know she's increased her production and she's now giving 5,000 quarts of milk a day. That seems like a lot of milk, but 5000 quarts is what she gives. Gives, nothing. They come in and take it from me. What a performance. Well, look who's here. It's Old Tom. You know, Old Tom is about the oldest cat in these here parts. Yes, sir. Why, he's been around for the last three wars and he knows that this one will turn out all right too. Say now, would you look at that, a teeny little woodpecker. Now, I bet you I know what he's aiming to be when he grows up. I reckon he plans to be a riveter at Lockheed. Ooh! Look at that cat's tail. Ooh! If I do, I'll get a whipping. I'll do it. You know, we American people always sort of look forward to Thanksgiving. And this year is certainly no exception. This here turkey is getting fattened up. Yes, sir, he's getting lots to eat and you know what? When he reaches 20 pounds, he'll be ready for the oven. Twenty pounds? Oven? You know, uh, these turtle eggs they've been laying around in the sun for quite a spell and uh, well what do you know, looks like they're getting ready to hatch. I did it again. Well, as I was saying, these little turtles are born with a natural bombproof shelter on their backs. Ain't that cute? Hey, what in the world has come over that? Hey, little fella. What do you think you are? Beep, beep, I'm a jeep, jeep, jeep. Well, now that we're back on the farm let's sort of peek in on a young fella who's a-courting his sweetie. Oh, Marie-Alana, um, ahh, would you be my, ahh? Would you like to? Oh, no, no, no. Would you be my, uh? Oh, gosh. I wish there was a blackout. Oh, uh oh! Blackout! Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Blackout! Blackout! I just don't know what has come over the caterpillars. Just seem to lay around and look glum. Well, would you look at that little fella. He sure looks happy, don't he? Happy? Of course, I'm happy. I just got a retread. Uh, these little fireflies here, are going to stage a practice blackout. Looks like they're set to go. Okay, lights out. Hey there, turtle. You better pull into your shelter. It's a blackout. Nope, I'd, uh, rather not. Pull your head in. That's better. Why in the world didn't you wanna go into your shell? Well, uh, I'm afraid of the dark. All right, fireflies. Blackout's over. Hey, you. You on the end. Yes, you. What happened to your light? Hey, who's the bulb snatcher? Who's the bulb snatcher? Did you ever see a prettier sight than this here mother bird? She is a-teaching her little son how to fly. It's very easy, darling. Just flap your wings like this. See? Come on, now. Do as Mommy did. Ah, Ma. I wanna be a dive-bomber. I guess about the only living creatures that haven't been affected by the war are the famous swallows of Capistrano. Yes, sir. As you all know, these here birds return to the mission on a certain day each year and we're here just in time to see them come back. They'll be along any minute now. Telegram for the audience. What does it say? It says here. We are out over the ocean, can't even get close to land. We can't fly to Capistrano Past the Fourth Interceptor Command. Signed, The Swallows. Now, you folks all know how valuable carrier pigeons is in wartime. I did it. As I was saying, about them there carrier pigeons, well now, this proud couple is famous around these parts. During the last war they gave more sons to the service than was ever thought possible. Well, Ma ♫ We did it before ♫ ♫ And we can do it again ♫ ♫ And we will do it again ♫ ♫ Noise, noise, noise ♫ All through the night and all through the day ♫ It's noise ♫ Just trying to sleep ♫ Count 40 million sheep ♫ But it's no use ♫ That terrible noise ♫ Noise, noise, noise ♫ Oh there is no pity ♫ In this quite big city ♫ With its noise, noise, noise I simply have to get away from these city noises. Oh it's so beautiful here. Everything is so peaceful and quiet. Oh, oh, oh! Phew! Oh, oh! Stop! Noise! ♫ A new day is dawning and here is the sun ♫ Hail his majesty, the sun ♫ One, two, three, four ♫ One, two, three, four ♫ One, two, three, four ♫ The sun is the boss ♫ We do what he wants ♫ And chase your blues away ♫ And we are the ones ♫ Who bring you the sun ♫ And do it every day ♫ Hail his majesty, hail his majesty ♫ Hail his majesty, the sun ♫ Sunshine, sunshine ♫ I just love some good old sunshine ♫ Sunshine, sunshine ♫ It's just the thing to keep you feeling fine ♫ Sunshine, sunshine ♫ I just love some good old sunshine Sunshine, bah, joy, bah. ♫ We're happy when we're sad ♫ We're always feeling bad ♫ How are you ♫ Terrible ♫ That's fine ♫ We're happy when we're sad I don't want to be happy. I want to be sad. I don't want to be happy. I want to be happy. I want to be glad. ♫ I want to be happy and glad ♫ And never again be sad ♫ I never will cry ♫ I never will sigh ♫ 'Cause I want to be glad ♫ He never will cry ♫ He never will sigh ♫ 'Cause he wants to be glad ♫ And now the world is bright and fair ♫ Because there's sunshine everywhere ♫ A, B, C, D, E, F, G ♫ H, I, J, K, L, M, N, O, P ♫ L, M, N, O, P, Q, R, S, T, U, V ♫ W, X, Y, Z ♫ U, V, W, X, Y, Z Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning, teacher. Good morning. Oh, how cute! Oh! I don't want to go to no school. Yeah! Tommy! Yeah! Come back here! Be quiet! And now dear children, the story for today is "The Tail of a Fish" by A Fin. After which, we will sing. Quiet! Teacher, an apple. Oh an apple, thanks. And now, we'll have our new lesson. ♫ Now the lesson for today ♫ Is hookey which you must not play ♫ Isn't this a fishing pole ♫ Yes that is a fishing pole ♫ Isn't this a reel that winds ♫ Yes that is a reel that winds ♫ Fishing pole and reel that winds ♫ This is no fish story, dears ♫ You'd better listen with both ears ♫ Isn't this a line so strong ♫ Yes that is a line so strong ♫ Isn't this a worm that squirms ♫ Yes that is a worm that squirms ♫ Fishing pole, reel that winds, line so strong ♫ And worm that squirms ♫ To the moral now we come ♫ You'll see the point if you're not dumb ♫ Isn't this a hook so sharp ♫ Yes that is a hook so sharp ♫ Isn't this a frying pan ♫ Goodness gracious, frying pan ♫ Fishing pole, reel that winds, line so strong, worm ♫ That squirms, hook so sharp, and frying pan ♫ Don't forget what you've been taught ♫ If you play hookey, you'll get caught Tommy Cod, come here! Yes, ma'am What's this? I don't know. What's this? I don't know. You don't know? Come with me. Now stay in the closet until you know your lesson. Oh! ♫ No more pencils ♫ No more books ♫ No more teacher's dirty looks ♫ Yeah What do you say, cookie, what do you say, play a little hookey? You little cutie pie. Take it away! Hey! Ow! Ow! Oh I caught you this time. Hey! Hey! Cut it out. I got you. Hey! Ow! Fishing pole, reel that winds, line so strong, worm that squirms, hook so sharp, frying pan! Honest to goodness teacher, I'll be a good little fish and I'll never do it again! Honest, honest, honest. Hey, come back here. No, no, no, Speedy, not now. Too late to hunt rabbits. Now come on, let's get some sleep. Phew. Don't worry Speedy, we'll get up at five in the morning and really blast that rabbit. Mmm, mmm, I can taste that fried rabbit now. Remember boy, you'll never catch that rabbit unless you get a good night's sleep. Now get plenty of rest. Lots of sleep, boy. Remember, you won't catch that rabbit unless you get a lot of sleep. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Number please, number, I'm sorry, they do not answer, your three minutes are up, that number has been disconnected, deposit 10 cents for five minutes, please. I'm sorry, we do not have that information. Long distance, at the sound of the tone, the time will be exactly 12:05, please. Number, please, information. Oh golly! Time to get up! Let's go. Let's get that rabbit. Come on boy, wake up. Let's go get it. Come on, you had plenty of sleep. Let's go. That a boy, Speedy. Get in there and dig him. Go get him, dig him out there, dig him out there, boy. Bring him out there, dig him out. Hey Speedy, what's the matter down there? Boy, oh boy. Look, fellas, let's play like the Robin Hood hero of the land. I'll be Robin Hood. Who's going to be Robin Hood? You, you're going to be Robin Hood. Who's going to be Robin Hood? You're going to be Robin Hood. All right, you can be little John. Now let's see who's going to be the rich old villain. Now who's going to be the old villain? Now let's see, who's going to be the mean, old, rich, old villain? Who's going to be the old? Me? Don't get so excited. All you got to is march through the forest with your treasure and we'll rob you and give it to the poor. Won't that be fun? He wants to be the villain. Don't you? I don't know why I always have to be the bad guy. I'd like to be the good guy once in a while. I guess. ♫ What fool, get ready to battle with Robin Hood ♫ En garde, you certainly have to be very good ♫ To beat me so I doubt that you ever will can ♫ Defeat me though you'll never be quite ♫ The man for my clan ♫ Oh boy, now that you're a villain I'll never see ♫ Come on, it's time you were facing your enemy ♫ Remember, you're a terrible little guy ♫ To beat you will be easy as pumpkin pie ♫ Which is all and around ♫ You're the logical one we found ♫ To be robbed once again by the jolliness merry men ♫ We sing and though we're doing the ♫ Things we should to be like Robin Hood Help, help. Who's there? It's me, Maid Marian. Now who could Maid Marian be? Get the book. Gee, she's my sweetheart. We got to save her. Where are you, Maid Marian? Where are you, Maid Marian? Here I am. Uh, here I am. Help. Where are you? Help, help, here I am. Where? Here. Where? Here. Where are you? I'm over here. Save me. Gosh, we better hurry. Where are you, Maid Marian? Here I am, Robin Hood. And I like little squirrels very, very much. I love little squirrels. Little, fat, juicy squirrels. Especially with carrots, potatoes, and onions. Doesn't that just make your mouth water? Tally-ho. Guess we better break down the door. Look, fellas, get me out of here, you see. Look, fellas, please get me out of here. Guess we'll have fox stew tonight boys. Look, fellas, I'm young, strong, healthy. Don't let him kill me. Oh my gosh, I'm afraid to die. Let me out. Let me out of here. Let me out. I want to get out of here. Let me out. Let me out of here. Gee, fellas, thanks a lot. Who's going to be Robin Hood? ♫ Curiosity killed the cat ♫ Curiosity did just that ♫ The little cat had nine lives, it's true ♫ But only one life was given to you ♫ So it isn't so wise to snoop ♫ Or you'll finish up in the soup ♫ You better just stop right where you're at ♫ Wopple-up-gup, remember that ♫ Curiosity killed the cat ♫ Curiosity killed the cat ♫ Curiosity did just that ♫ The little cat had nine lives, it's true ♫ But only one life was given to you ♫ So it isn't so wise to snoop ♫ Remember that ♫ Curiosity killed the cat Cross our hearts, we promise never, never to be curious again. Faster than a speeding bullet. More powerful than a locomotive. Able to leap tall buildings at a single bound. This amazing stranger from the planet Krypton. The Man of Steel. Superman! Possessing remarkable physical strength. Superman fights a never-ending battle for truth and justice. Disguised as a mild-mannered newspaper reporter, Clark Kent. Peanuts, popcorn, get your hot roasted peanuts here. All right, folks, only a dime. One tenth of a dollar. You're just about to witness the most amazing act the world has ever seen. Sorry, old fellow. Fine thing. Ace newspaper woman scares monkey. Ace newspaper woman reviews circus. What an assignment. Yeah, too bad, Lois. Looks like a great night for a murder or fire or something. Hurry, hurry, hurry, step right up and... That's your cue, Lois. See you later at the office. Only a few minutes before the performance begins. So hurry, hurry, hurry. Get going, Joe, let's see what's cooking. Lois? Lois? Lois? This is a job for Superman. Lucky Lois, always gets her story. And luckily, she lives to write it. Thanks to Superman?