APPLAUSE. MUSIC: Ring Of Fire by Johnny Cash ♪ Love is a burning thing ♪ And it makes a fiery ring ♪ Bound by wild desire ♪ I fell into a ring of fire ♪ I fell into a burning ring of fire ♪ I went down, down, down and the flames went higher ♪ And it burns, burns, burns The ring of fire ♪ The ring of fire Advertise your product or brand here contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today ♪ I fell into a burning ring of fire ♪ I went down, down, down and the flames went higher ♪ And it burns, burns, burns The ring of fire ♪ The ring of fire ♪ The taste of love is sweet ♪ When hearts like ours meet ♪ I fell for you like a child ♪ Oh, but the fire went wild ♪ I fell into a burning ring of fire ♪ I went down, down, down and the flames went higher ♪ And it burns, burns, burns The ring of fire ♪ The ring of fire ♪ I fell into a burning ring of fire ♪ I went down, down, down and the flames went higher ♪ And it burns, burns, burns The ring of fire ♪ The ring of fire ♪ And it burns, burns, burns The ring of fire ♪ The ring of fire. ♪ HE MIMICS BIRD CALL. GUNSHOT. HE LAUGHS. You want to get me, don't you? You son of a gun! Only place I can tell he is hurt is... He's got one little wing bone broken. It's not hurt. It's not every day you catch a crow. CROW SQUAWKS. You son of a gun, you! I already like you, for some reason. I'll take you home and see if you are hurt bad, OK? HE HUMS TO HIMSELF ♪ If I had wings like a grey goose got ♪ I'd leave you whether my heart break or not ♪ I'd leave you Woman, I'd leave you ♪ I can't make my feet walk... ♪ HE HUMS ♪ But if I could fly like Mr Crow ♪ Woman, I know I'd go. ♪ Ah! One, two, three, four... MUSIC STARTS. I would leave them completely off the intro. And I would wait until I am into the song, you know? Have you got a little pencil? I would keep that flat top guitar way up on the intro because that is powerful. The way... with the drum slap. Don't you think, Bob? Yes. I just... Because when they come in, I can hear it, it's kind of a pleasant surprise, you know? Yes. I filled it up so you can have what you wanted to choose from. OK, cut all intro. As we go along, Johnny, tell me where you want them in or out and I'll write it down, OK? One, two, three... MUSIC: Land Of Israel by Johnny Cash ♪ From the top of Sinai ♪ To the Sea of Galilee... ♪ CREW CHATTERS ♪ Every hill and plain is home ♪ Every place is dear to me ♪ There the breezes tell the stories ♪ Oh, what stories they do tell ♪ Of the mighty things that happened ♪ In the land of Israel ♪ Here, where Moses and the prophets ♪ Spoke of one who would be king ♪ Of a heavenly messiah ♪ And the blessings he would bring ♪ Oh, to hear again the call ♪ All is peaceful, all is well ♪ Upon every rock and mountain ♪ In the land of Israel. ♪ Where my daddy was born. Yeah. Kings land, that's where I was born. Oh, great. Well, do we go right past on this...? No, we turn. We turned south here, on 81, to Monticello. We're not very far off, then, are we now? No. We're almost there. When you come from either side of that river, and that's part of the country, you learn to understand most everything, you have to, cos it's a grind from the time you get up till you lay down. And there ain't nothing given to you. You sweat. Somebody in the family sweats for that bread that's on that plate. Right, John? Yes. And it's usually the whole family it takes to make a living, whether it's cotton... and, er, the people that's farming the land is not the one that gets the money. Somebody owns it and you get part of it. MUSIC: Daddy Sang Bass by Johnny Cash ♪ I remember when I was a lad Times were hard and things were bad ♪ But there's a silver linin' behind every cloud ♪ Just poor people That's all we were ♪ Tryin' to make a livin' out of black land earth ♪ We'd get together in a family circle singin' loud ♪ Daddy sang bass Mama sang tenor ♪ Me and little brother would join right in there ♪ Cos singin' seems to help a troubled soul ♪ One of these days and it won't be long ♪ I'll rejoin them in a song ♪ I'm gonna join the family circle at the throne ♪ No, the circle won't be broken ♪ By and by, Lord, by and by ♪ Daddy'll sing bass Mama'll sing tenor ♪ Me and little brother will join right in there ♪ In the sky, Lord, in the sky ♪ I remember after work Mama would call in all of us ♪ You could hear us singin' for a country mile ♪ Now little brother has done gone on ♪ But I'll rejoin him in a song ♪ We'll be together again up yonder in a little while ♪ Daddy'll sing bass Mama'll sing tenor ♪ Me and little brother would join right in there ♪ Cos singin' seems to help a troubled soul ♪ One of these days and it won't be long... ♪ CHEERING. Hello, I'm Johnny Cash. BAND BEGINS, HUGE CHEER ♪ I hear the train a comin' It's rolling round the bend ♪ And I ain't seen the sunshine since I don't know when ♪ I'm stuck in Folsom Prison ♪ And time keeps draggin' on ♪ But that train keeps a-rollin' on down to San Antone ♪ When I was just a baby my mama told me, son ♪ Always be a good boy Don't ever play with guns ♪ But I shot a man in Reno just to watch him die ♪ When I hear that whistle blowing ♪ I hang my head and cry... ♪ Hey, come on! GUITAR SOLO, CHEERING. Ye-e-eah! ♪ I bet there's rich folks eating in a fancy dining car ♪ They're probably drinking coffee and smoking big cigars ♪ Well, I know I had it coming ♪ I know I can't be free ♪ But those people keep a-moving ♪ And that's what tortures me... ♪ Go for it! Yeah. GUITAR SOLO. CHEERING ♪ Well, if they freed me from this prison ♪ If that railroad train was mine ♪ I bet I'd move it on a little farther down the line ♪ Far from Folsom Prison That's where I want to stay ♪ And I'd let that lonesome whistle blow my blues away. ♪ MUSIC STOPS. Do you think it's a main theme going through country and western music? A main message or a type of thing you're trying to appeal to in the country and western songs that you do? Um... Well, the things of country music are much the same in other music. There's love, and love is the main theme of all music, of course. Um... There's much more sadness in country music. Um, I don't know what the real reason is, maybe because, er I don't know, because of the fact that it is from the grassroots and of the simple way of life. MAN: Look up there. There's some good-looking apples. The best apples are still up in the tree, way up in the top. But I couldn't shake them down without that. CHILD: I... I don't want... LEAVES RUSTLE. Too many apples. Johnny, that will kick you, you better watch it. Daddy, did you...? Watch it, she will kick if you hit her back there. Rosanne, watch it! Watch it, Rosanne. Walk behind her, honey, she might kick. I'm sorry, he was just fixing to hit her back there, and that would have been all it would have taken! There. MAN LAUGHS: You go in behind! Get over here, girl! LAUGHTER CONTINUES. Oh, John, please, that's cruelty! CHILDREN LAUGH. Go, Jenny! CHILDREN CHATTER Come here, come here, come here. I'm shivering. I am too, I am cold. I'm cold, I cannot continue. I wish she would bray. She brays just like her daddy. MAN BRAYS. Like Gordon used to do, you know. Mm-hm. The first year that we was at Dyess, let's see, how old were you? Oh, four years old. Four years old? I went the runs at the river one evening... Now, this is true... Come on in. SPEECH DROWNED OUT BY CHILDREN come on in here. JOHNNY: Come here! CHILDREN CHATTER. Waiting for them to just come by... You have to! I really don't have to sing that song again, do I? - LAUGHTER - Yeah, I forgot that song... ♪ On Monday, we have bread and gravy ♪ On Tuesday, it's gravy and bread ♪ On Wednesday and Thursday it's gravy and toast ♪ But that's only gravy and bread... ♪ LAUGHTER ♪ On Friday, we said to the landlord ♪ Landlord? Oh, please give us something instead ♪ So on Saturday morning by way of a change ♪ We had gravy without any bread... ♪ LAUGHTER. Good for you! JOHNNY APPLAUDS: Yey! OK, girls, sing. Daddy, you want to sing us a song? Johnny, I ain't no singer. There's one thing... You would sing it in the bathtub. And his name was Slicker? What was that song? No. Sing all them World War I songs. No, I don't think I could do it. About where you walked up to the fire alarm box and it was in New York. Sing that one. Oh, that... Let me hear it. Grab that propeller? ♪ I'd writ some letters on the train that I wanted to mail back home ♪ And I'd tell 'em about the things I'd seen and just how far I'd come ♪ I'd seen a box all painted red and I dropped the letters in ♪ Fire engines came from all around and the bells began to ring... ♪ WOMAN LAUGHS ♪ And oh, my, what they did to me ♪ Squirted water all over me! I grabbed up a man and I said to him ♪ Haul me out, I don't want to drown ♪ He said, you're just a darned old root from a high grass town... ♪ I don't remember all of it, sorry. I ain't going to sing no more. LAUGHTER. Tom Ford used to sing that. He learned that to me when I was a little boy. I was a little boy, about four years old, when the Mississippi River broke the levee. Floodwaters come over the cotton land, come up to the doorstep at the front of the house. One morning, I was laying in the bed and I heard my mama hollering to my daddy, she said... ♪ How high's the water, Daddy? ♪ APPLAUSE AND CHEERING ♪ Two feet high and risin' ♪ How high's the water, Mama? Two feet high and risin' ♪ We can make it to the road in a home-made boat ♪ That's the only thing we got left that'll float ♪ It's already over all the wheat and the oats ♪ Two feet high and risin' ♪ How high's the water, Mama? ♪ Three feet high and risin' ♪ How high's the water, Papa? ♪ She said it's three feet high and risin' ♪ Well, my hives are gone I lost my bees ♪ The chickens are sleepin' in the willow trees ♪ Cow's in water up past her knees ♪ Three feet high and risin' ♪ How high's the water, Mama? ♪ Four feet high and risin' ♪ How high's the water, Papa? ♪ She said it's four feet high and risin' ♪ Hey, come look through the window pane ♪ The bus is comin' Gonna take us to the train ♪ Looks like we'll be blessed with a little more rain ♪ Four feet high and risin' ♪ How high's the water, Mama? ♪ Five feet high and risin' ♪ How high's the water, Papa? ♪ She said it's five feet high and risin' ♪ The rails are washed out north of town ♪ We gotta head for higher ground ♪ We can't come back till the water goes down ♪ Five feet high and risin' ♪ Five feet high and risin'. ♪ APPLAUSE. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You were wonderful! Thank you, nice to be with you. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, how you doing? OK? CAMERA CLICKS. Thank you. Thank you. SOFT CHATTER. Thank you. Thank you, girls. WOMAN SPEAKS SOFTLY. Thank you, how sweet. When I thinks about the best we could say about Johnny... Why, that's very nice. ..I even got a tune to it. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. ♪ Under lightning, rain or sleet Johnny Cash just can't be beat ♪ This ain't no lyin' It ain't no bluff ♪ When Johnny sings He does his stuff... ♪ LAUGHTER. APPLAUSE. Aw, that's cute! That's very nice. She wants you to play something first. What? Great Speckled Bird. I mean, that's asking a favour... They will want me out of here. Just... All right, open the door. GUITAR PLAYING BEGINS. Come in, honey, come in. That's part of it. We got your records... ♪ What a beautiful thought I am thinking ♪ Concerning the great speckled bird ♪ And to know that my name is recorded ♪ On the pages of God's holy word ♪ Desiring... ♪ To lower her standards ♪ I watch every move that she makes ♪ They long to find fault with her teaching ♪ But really she makes no mistakes ♪ And when he cometh descending from heaven ♪ On a cloud like he wrote in his word ♪ I'll be joyfully carried to meet him ♪ On the wings of the great speckled bird. ♪ What do you think that means? The great speckled bird is, er, a symbol of the Church. That's what it means. You were talking about songs being a part of me. Now, we've bought some property up near Smithville. It's woods and there's a trout stream running to the cliffs and we were up there not long ago, June, the girls and I, and I sat down on a rock and started writing a thing that I don't know if it would be... It might possibly be recorded commercially, I don't know, it's called, um... Well, what, it's called, er... What I Need Is You. All I Need Is You, I believe, yeah. You're All I Need. HE BEGINS PLAYING ♪ Beside a singin' mountain stream ♪ Where the pussy willow grew ♪ Where the silver leaf of maple ♪ Sparkled in the morning dew ♪ I braided twigs of willow ♪ Made a string of buckeye beads ♪ But flesh and blood needs flesh and blood ♪ And you are what I need ♪ Flesh and blood needs flesh and blood ♪ And you are what I need ♪ I leaned against the bark of birch ♪ And I smelled the honey dew ♪ I watched a flock of geese ♪ Against the sky of baby blue ♪ I walked among the lily pads ♪ Carved a whistle from a reed ♪ Mother Nature's quite a lady ♪ But you are what I need ♪ Mother Nature's quite a lady ♪ But you are what I need. ♪ I think that's pretty. And there's another verse, of course, I always forget the last verse. SHE LAUGHS. HE SINGS TO HIMSELF John always writes these songs down. ♪ A mockingbird sang in the trees ♪ And I thanked him for the song ♪ Then the sun went slowly to the west ♪ And I had to move along ♪ I walked... I walked through ♪ I walked beside the wild oats ♪ Where the roebuck... Where the deer and the roebuck feed ♪ But flesh and blood calls for flesh and blood ♪ And you are what I need ♪ Flesh and blood calls for flesh and blood ♪ And you are what I need. ♪ That's another little thing I wrote just in one of my alone moods. I didn't mind the hard work on the farm all that much. It's something that we had to do and so, we accepted it that hard work was part of our life. I'm sure that, if you've ever lived on a cotton patch or any part of the country where times are hard, that you appreciate the good things when they do come much more. John and I talked many times about the old saying and that line that says, "Steel is strong because it knew the hammer and white heat." HE LAUGHS I'm, er, I've learned, um, to adapt very well to prosperity, I like it. From the home of the world-renowned Grand Ole Opry in Nashville, Tennessee, the Kraft Music Hall presents... The Second Annual Country Music Awards! APPLAUSE, FANFARE PLAYS. With guest stars Roy Acuff, Chet Atkins, Pat Boone, Bobby Goldsboro, Roger Miller, Jeannie C Riley, Tex Ritter, Bob Wills, Johnny Cash! The next award is for the Country Music Album Of The Year. The albums nominated are... Best Of Merle Haggard. Performer - Merle Haggard. By The Time I Get To Phoenix. Performer - Glen Campbell. D-I-V-O-R-C-E. Performer - Tammy Wynette. Gentle On My Mind. Performer - Glen Campbell. And Johnny Cash At Folsom Prison. Performer - Johnny Cash. The winner is... The Album Of The Year - Johnny Cash At Folsom Prison. CHEERING, FANFARE PLAYS. Thank you. I would like to say, first of all, thanks to the people that helped support me to make this possible, to. Luther Perkins especially. Thank you. APPLAUSE. Mr Davies, how are you doing? Hello there. How are you doing? Hello. Hello. How are you doing? What's your name? Don Freed. Nice to meet you, Don. Nice to meet you too. Are you the fella that came down from Canada? That's right. Saskatoon. ..Going merrily downhill, sort of. He had such high ideals, I kind of hated to stand by and watch him. ♪ Come away from the roadside ♪ Your feat, it is done ♪ The battle is over ♪ You have both lost and won ♪ For the drums, they're but an echo ♪ Your trumpet players die ♪ Come away, come away ♪ And know how hard you tried ♪ The king, he holds the aces ♪ He has not held your hand ♪ The queen, with her embraces ♪ You did not understand ♪ And the seeds that have fallen ♪ Along the weary hobo's trail ♪ And just as they have fallen ♪ Don't let yourself be felled... ♪ HE PLAYS HARMONICA. Good. Very good writing. Would you like to hear another? Mm-hm. All right. I'll sit down. Sure. That's a beautiful tune. A very pretty tune. I'd like to get you an audition with Columbia Records. I don't want you to do it just as a favour. If you don't think I'm good enough... I wouldn't do it just as a favour. If I didn't think you were good enough, I wouldn't do it at all. But I think you've got it, so I'll be happy to try to set you up an audition. I want to hear another. I'll see if I can find that guy. HE LAUGHS ♪ Look a-yonder comin' ♪ Comin' down that railroad track ♪ Hey, look a-yonder comin' ♪ Comin' down that railroad track ♪ It's that Orange Blossom Special ♪ Bringin' my baby back... ♪ HE CHUCKLES ♪ Well, I'm going down to Florida ♪ And get some sand in my shoes ♪ Or maybe Californy ♪ And get some sand in my shoes ♪ I'll ride that Orange Blossom Special ♪ And lose these New York blues... ♪ CROWD CHEERS. "Say, man, when you going back to Florida?" "I don't know, I don't reckon I'll ever go back to Florida." "Ain't you worried about getting your nourishment in New York?" "Well, I don't care if I do-die-do-die-do-die-do." ♪ ..Hey, talk about a-ramblin' ♪ She's the fastest train on the line ♪ Talk about a-travellin' ♪ She's the fastest train on the line ♪ It's that Orange Blossom Special ♪ Rollin' down the seaboard line... ♪ CHEERING AND APPLAUSE. COUGHING. You want me to get in closer on it? You want me to get in closer? ♪ Down the street the dogs are barking ♪ And the day is getting dark ♪ As the night begins to fall ♪ Then the dogs will lose their bark ♪ And the silent night will shatter ♪ From the sounds inside my mind ♪ And I'm just one too many mornings ♪ And a thousand miles behind ♪ From the crossroads of my doorstep ♪ My eyes, they begin to fade ♪ And I turn my head back to the room ♪ Where my love and I have laid ♪ And I gaze back to the street ♪ The sidewalk and the sign ♪ And I'm one too many mornings ♪ And a thousand miles behind ♪ Yea-eah ♪ Well, it's a restless, hungry feeling ♪ It don't do nobody no good ♪ And everything I'm saying ♪ You can say it just as good ♪ Cos you're right from your side ♪ That I'm right from mine ♪ I know it ♪ We're just one too many mornings ♪ And a thousand miles behind ♪ Dead right ♪ Down the street the dogs are barking ♪ And the day is getting dark ♪ As the night comes in a-falling ♪ The dogs will lose their bark ♪ And the silent night will shatter ♪ From the sounds inside my mind ♪ Dead right BOTH: ♪ As I'm one too many mornings ♪ And a thousand miles behind ♪ I'm just one too many mornings ♪ And a thousand miles behind ♪ Just one too many mornings ♪ And a thousand miles behind ♪ I'm just one too many mornings ♪ And a thousand miles behind ♪ I'm just one too many mornings ♪ And a thousand ♪ And a thousand And a thousand ♪ Another thousand Miles and miles ♪ Yeah, a thousand miles A thousand miles behind ♪ And a thousand miles behind ♪ I'm just one too many mornings ♪ And a thousand miles behind... ♪ I've got very little Indian blood in me, myself, except in my heart. I've got 100% for you tonight. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE. Thank you. ♪ Gather round me, people ♪ There's a story I would tell ♪ About a brave young Indian ♪ That we should remember well ♪ From the tribe of the Pima Indian ♪ A proud and peaceful band ♪ Who farmed the Phoenix Valley in Arizona land ♪ Down the ditches for a thousand years ♪ The water grew Ira's people's crops ♪ Till the white man stole the water rights ♪ And the sparklin' water stopped ♪ Now Ira's folks were hungry ♪ And their land grew crops of weeds ♪ But when war came, Ira volunteered ♪ And forgot the white man's greed ♪ Call him drunken Ira Hayes ♪ He won't answer any more ♪ Not the whisky-drinking Indian ♪ Nor the Marine that went to war ♪ There they battled up Iwo Jima's hill ♪ Two hundred and fifty men ♪ But only twenty seven lived to fight back down again ♪ And when that fight was over ♪ And when Old Glory raised ♪ Among the men who held it high ♪ Was the Indian, Ira Hayes ♪ Call him drunken Ira Hayes ♪ He won't answer any more ♪ Not the whisky-drinking Indian ♪ Nor the Marine that went to war ♪ Ira Hayes returned a hero ♪ Celebrated through the land ♪ He was wined and speeched and honoured ♪ Everybody shook his hand ♪ But he was just a Pima Indian ♪ No water, no crops, no chance ♪ At home nobody cared what Ira'd done ♪ And when did the Indians dance? ♪ And then Ira started drinking hard ♪ Jail was often his home ♪ There they'd let him raise the flag and lower it ♪ Like you'd throw a dog a bone ♪ He died drunk early one morning ♪ Alone in the land he fought to save ♪ Two inches of water in a lonely ditch ♪ Was a grave for Ira Hayes ♪ Call him drunken Ira Hayes ♪ He won't answer any more ♪ Not the whisky-drinking Indian ♪ Nor the Marine that went to war ♪ Yeah, call him drunken Ira Hayes ♪ But his land is just as dry ♪ And his ghost is lying thirsty ♪ In the ditch where Ira died. ♪ CHEERING AND APPLAUSE. WHISTLING. Thank you. ♪ Ooh, ooh-ooh ♪ Sometimes it causes me to tremble ♪ Tremble, tremble, tremble ♪ Tremble ♪ Were you there when they laid him in the tomb? ♪ Were you there when the stone was rolled away? ♪ Were you there when the stone was rolled away? ♪ Ooh... ♪ Ooh-ooh ♪ Sometimes it causes me to tremble ♪ Tremble, tremble, tremble ♪ Tremble ♪ Were you there when the stone was rolled away? ♪ APPLAUSE. They call it sharecropping. And these are sharecropper houses, bungalows, here. Most of them are what they call "shotgun shacks". There's three rooms in a row. A front room, a middle room and a back room. Each one of these houses had a barn, a chicken house, a smokehouse, where the farmers... They raised their own hogs and cured their meat. And they had a mule and 20 acres of land here. The next house, just up the road, the line, the property line, was halfway between the two houses. They all had 20 acres of land to begin with in 1935. And this is one of those... You called it a canal, it's a drainage ditch. This is ditch 40. Oh, wow. Are these the banks...? These are some of the banks that... that my daddy and all of them were cleaning off when I was a water boy on the river gang. I'd just soon wait over there. The bus is heavy. The only original building in the circle is the administration building. There's the Dyess Theater where I saw all the Tex Ritter movies, Sunset Carson, Gene Autry movies. There was a bank, a theatre, there was a big co-op store over there. There was a nice restaurant there. It was a beautiful little place. Was it...? The library's on down here, isn't it? Mm-hm. There it is. Frank Huff, that I was telling you about, right there he is. Really? Mm-hm. There is Frank Huff. Hello, Mr Huff! INDISTINCT REPLY I got to get out to talk to him for a minute. Just a minute, I'll get out. Hi. Get out, get out! I will. Shall I turn it off, John, or... You still live out here on the road? No, I live here. Oh, you do? Is Jay still up north? Yes, he is still up there. Hi, how are you doing? How are you doing? Good to see you. Long time. Sure... Is it locked? Yeah. John, is that the same...? Was that there, back years ago? No, I don't think... These concrete blocks were. Sure looks smaller, doesn't it? Yes, it's just amazing how small all the rooms look. Here's something that broke me up, Louise. On the floor there, the holes where Mama's stove wore holes in the floor. We moved in this house in the winter of 1935. There were five cans of paint sitting there on the floor. It's all there was, remember? Every one of us sat down in the middle of the floor and cried. First new house we'd ever owned. This is where I'd sit and listen to the radio. I thought of that very thing. Remember at night, Daddy'd say, "Turn it down, John!" He'd sit there with his ear glued to that radio... Did he think if he turned it down...? Yeah. ♪ My bills are all due and the babies need shoes ♪ But I'm busted ♪ Cotton's gone down to a quarter a pound ♪ And I'm busted ♪ I got a cow that went dry ♪ And a hen that won't lay ♪ A big stack of bills ♪ That get bigger each day ♪ The county will haul my belongings away ♪ I'm busted ♪ I called on my brother to ask for a loan ♪ I was busted ♪ I hate to beg like a dog for a bone ♪ But I'm busted ♪ My brother said there ain't a thing I can do ♪ My wife and my kids are all down with the flu ♪ And I was just thinking of calling on you ♪ I'm busted. ♪ ♪ I walked in the big yard to feel the warm sunshine ♪ A ninety-nine-year man stepped over to me ♪ He offered a smoke and he said as I rolled it ♪ Tomorrow I'm going to break out and go free ♪ They watch us by sunlight ♪ They watch us by spotlight ♪ But I know a way for a man to go free ♪ Down under my cell I'm digging a tunnel ♪ The walls of a prison will never hold me ♪ Next morning at breakfast the old man was missing ♪ Then we all heard the rifles high up on the wall ♪ He'd gone through the tunnel just like he had promised ♪ And they said he was crying when they saw him fall ♪ They watch us by sunlight ♪ They watch us by spotlight ♪ But I know a way for a man to go free ♪ Down under my cell I'm digging a tunnel ♪ The walls of a prison will never hold me... ♪ INDISTINCT CHATTER. I was hoping it'd be bad. You know, it's not like Folsom Prison, but it gives you the same feeling, doesn't it? A prison's a prison. That's all it is. Go around, back through the passageway. All right. Thank you very much. You're very kind and we've enjoyed singing for you this afternoon, but we would like to continue with the Johnny Cash Show and bring to you the man that you've actually come to see. I'm sure you'll enjoy him this afternoon. He seems to have a lot of things in common with you. Mr Johnny Cash! CHEERING AND APPLAUSE ♪ Now, I taught the weeping willow how to cry ♪ And I showed the clouds how to cover up a clear-blue sky ♪ And the tears I cried for that woman ♪ Are gonna flood you, big river ♪ And I'm gonna sit right here until I die ♪ Then you took me to St Louis ♪ Later on down the river ♪ A freighter said she's been here but she's gone, boy, she's gone ♪ I found her trail in Memphis but she just walked up the bluff ♪ She raised a few eyebrows and went on down alone ♪ Now, won't you batter down by Baton Rouge, River Queen ♪ Roll it on ♪ Take that woman on down to New Orleans, New Orleans ♪ Go on, I've had enough Dump my blues down in the gulf ♪ She loves you, Big River More than me. ♪ Yeah! CHEERING AND APPLAUSE. You guys must say something nice for the camera, now, don't say "Shit" or anything like that. Can't put that on TV. The fellas here on the bass and the drums have been with me for about 13 years. This is Marshall Grant and WS Holland. Let's give them a big hand. APPLAUSE. The young man on the guitar has been with us just a short while, since the death of our guitar player Luther Perkins, for about four or five months. He's joined the group and doing a great job from Tulsa, Oklahoma, Bob Wootton. WHISTLING AND APPLAUSE. Well, we did a show at Folsom Prison in California. And, er... there's some pretty mean-looking characters out there compared to some of you fellas. One guy I know is in for life for stealing eggs. LAUGHTER. Here's some of the songs we did out at Folsom, and... we've done at almost all of our shows. ♪ Ten years ago on a cold, dark night ♪ Someone was killed 'neath the town hall lights ♪ There were few at the scene but they all agreed ♪ That the slayer who ran looked a lot like me ♪ The scaffold is high and eternity is near ♪ She stood in the crowd and shed not a tear ♪ But sometimes at night when the cold wind moans ♪ In a long black veil she cries o'er my bones ♪ She walks these hills in a long black veil ♪ She visits my grave when the night winds wail ♪ Nobody knows, nobody sees ♪ Nobody knows but me. ♪ CHEERING AND APPLAUSE. Hi! ♪ We got married in a fever ♪ Hotter than a pepper sprout ♪ We've been talkin' 'bout Jackson ♪ Ever since the fire went out ♪ I'm goin' to Jackson ♪ I'm gonna mess around ♪ Yeah, I'm goin' to Jackson ♪ Look out, Jackson town... ♪ Look out! ♪ Well, go on down to Jackson ♪ Go ahead and wreck your health ♪ Go play your hand you big-talkin' man ♪ Make a big fool of yourself ♪ You're goin' to Jackson ♪ You big-talkin' man ♪ And I'll be waitin' in Jackson ♪ Behind my Jay pen fan ♪ Well, when I breeze into that city ♪ The people gonna stoop and bow... ♪ Ha! ♪ All them women gonna make me teach 'em what they don't know how ♪ I'm goin' to Jackson ♪ You turn-a loose my coat ♪ Yeah, I'm goin' to Jackson ♪ "Goodbye", that's all she wrote ♪ Well, they'll laugh at you in Jackson ♪ And I'll be dancin' on a Pony Keg ♪ They'll lead you round town like a scalded hound ♪ With your tail tucked between your legs ♪ You'll go to Jackson ♪ You big-talkin' man ♪ And I'll be waitin' in Jackson ♪ Behind my Jay pen fan ♪ Well ♪ We got married in a fever ♪ Hotter than a pepper sprout ♪ We've been talkin' 'bout Jackson ♪ Ever since the fire went out ♪ I'm goin' to Jackson ♪ And that's a fact ♪ Yeah, we're goin' to Jackson ♪ Ain't never coming back ♪ Well, we got married in a fever Ooh... ♪ Hotter than a pepper sprout Ooh... ♪ CHEERING AND APPLAUSE ♪ Join your friends while you got 'em ♪ Cos you know they're gettin' fewer every day ♪ You can't wait to let them take you to the bottom ♪ And I'm gettin' tired of standin' in your way ♪ But when you hit the ground don't come looking around ♪ For the pieces of the love you threw away ♪ That's the price of the high life you're livin' ♪ And you still got the devil to pay ♪ You've been flying so high you don't know that you're blind ♪ To the writin' on the wall ♪ But some day you'll look down ♪ And you'll find you've got no place to fall ♪ When your bright lights are gone ♪ You'll be standing alone ♪ Forsaken in the naked light of day ♪ And then you'll know that it's all over but the dying ♪ And you've still got the devil to pay. ♪