♪ Oh oh ♪ yeah oh, oh ♪ ooh yeah Support us and become VIP member to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org ♪ Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ♪ ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ♪ ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ♪ ah, ah, ah, ah ♪ ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ♪ ah, ah, ah, ah ♪ ah, ah, ah, ah, ah >> Mariah: I love you! ♪ Hark the herald ♪ angels sing ♪ glory to the new born king ♪ peace on earth and mercy mild ♪ god and sinners reconciled ♪ ye nations rise ♪ of the skies ♪ with angelic host proclaim ♪ Christ is born in Bethlehem ♪ hark, the herald angels sing ♪ glory to the new born king ♪ to the new born king ♪ Gloria in excelsis deo ♪ Gloria in excelsis deo ♪ hark, ♪ hark, the herald angels sing ♪ glory to the new born king ♪ peace on earth and mercy mild ♪ god and sinners reconcile ♪ joyful all ye nations rise ♪ join the triumph of the skies ♪ with angelic host proclaim ♪ Christ is born in Bethlehem ♪ hark, the herald angels sing ♪ glory to the new born king ♪ to the new born king For coming and celebrating and joining us all tonight to celebrate. I've been missing being out here in New York singing with the people, particularly around Christmas time. I see you in the coat. I had an ensemble on like that earlier, darling. I did! We're going to get to all those other little moments. But I just wanted to say that, on a serious note, this is the time for sharing and goodness, joy and hope. We really-- a lot of us really need hope around the holidays. And I'm always festive and no matter what we push, we push and we press on and we get through it. But what we really need to do right now is give you a little tiny bit of joy for your life, if you like. Would you like that? To the world ♪ the lord has come ♪ the lord has come ♪ let earth receive her king ♪ let every heart her king ♪ let every heart prepare him room hey! And heaven and heaven and nature sing >> Mariah: I see you over there! Hey! >> ♪ Joy to the world >> put your hands together! >> ♪ The lord has come let earth receive her king ♪ let every heart prepare him room ♪ and heaven and nature sing and heaven and nature sing ♪ and heaven and heaven and nature sing ♪ joy to the earth the savior reigns ♪ let men their songs employ ♪ ♪ repeat the sounding joy repeat the sounding joy ♪ repeat, repeat the sounding joy ♪ joy to the world all the boys and girls ♪ joy to the people everywhere you see ♪ joy to you and me ♪ he rules the world with truth and grace ♪ and makes the nations prove ♪ the glories of his righteousness ♪ and wonders and wonders ♪ and wonders of his love and wonders ♪ and wonders and wonders of his joy! ♪ Joy! Joy! >> Mariah: You all know this one! >> ♪ Joy! Joy! ♪ Joy! >> Mariah: Come on! >> ♪ Everybody just sing it ♪ everybody just shout it ♪ hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey everybody just sing it ♪ everybody just shout it ♪ yeah, yeah! ♪ Yeah, yeah! Yeah, yeah! ♪ ♪ joy to you and me ♪ Me ♪ Maybe something I would wear. I like your crown. Thank you, choir. That was beautiful. Beautiful. A little spot o' tea. I know we're not in London, but maybe next year if they get on it earlier. You know? Okay, so I'm just going to talk to you for a minute, because that's what I do. If you've been to one of my shows, you know we have an experience, darling. That's what we do. It doesn't have to just be like, "what's up, New York?" It's easy to hear it. I just wanted to say, like, the whole idea of a sleigh ride, right? We know that "sleigh this, sleigh that, sleigh everything." But in terms of, like, an actual sleigh ride, it's like a fantasy. It's like a real fantasy. And you know, I do this every year-- bundled up in blankets, horse-drawn sleigh. Not lying. And it's one of my favorite things to do. So, we decided to do a rendition of this great song called "sleigh ride." Take it any way you want. Just feel festive with it. All right. Here, okay. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ just hear those sleigh bells jingling, ring-ding-dingling too ♪ ♪ come on it's lovely weather ♪ for a sleigh ride together with you ♪ ♪ outside the snow is falling ♪ and friends are calling "yoo hoo" ♪ ♪ come on it's lovely weather ♪ for a sleigh ride together with you ♪ ♪ with you [Ring-a-ling-a-ling-a ding-dong-ding] ♪ [ring-a-ling-a-ling-a ding-dong-ding] ♪ [ring-a-ling-a-ling-a ding-dong-ding] ♪ [ooh, ooh ooh, ooh ♪ our cheeks are nice and rosy and comfy and cozy are we ♪ [ring-a-ling-a-ling-a ding-dong-ding] ♪ we're snuggled up together ♪ like two birds of a feather would be ♪ [ring-a-ling-a-ling-a ding-dong-ding] ♪ let's take the road before us ♪ and sing a chorus or two ♪ [ring-a-ling-a-ling-a ding-dong-ding] ♪ come on, it's lovely weather ♪ for a sleigh ride together with you ♪ [ring-a-ling-a-ling-a ding-dong-ding] ♪ with you ♪ with you [Ring-a-ling-a-ling-a ding-dong-ding] ♪ with you ♪ ♪ ♪>> Mariah: I taught them everything they know. ♪♪ [Ring-a-ling-a-ling-a ding-dong-ding] Oh! ♪ Oh! ♪ [ring-a-ling-a-ling-a ding-dong-ding] Oh! ♪ Oh, oh! ♪ our cheeks are nice and rosy and comfy and cozy are we ♪ [ring-a-ling-a-ling-a ding-dong-ding] ♪ we're snuggled up together ♪ like two birds of a feather would be ♪ [ring-a-ling-a-ling-a ding-dong-ding] ♪ let's take the road before us ♪ and sing a chorus or two ♪ [ring-a-ling-a-ling-a ding-dong-ding] ♪ come on, it's lovely weather ♪ for a sleigh ride together with you ♪ [ring-a-ling-a-ling-a ding-dong-ding] ♪ yeah! ♪ Ring-a-ding-ding! Oh, whoa! ♪ It's like my own little party. And I enjoy it! How is everyone tonight? This, but we are filming this show here live from Madison square garden. To tell you what I really do because I need just a minute to acknowledge-- acknowledge that you guys are here, like-- and been here. We said-- and the lambs were like, "yeah, right, she just asked my opinion, she's not to really going to listen." There have been many versions, many renditions of this classic Christmas song, but this is our version of "Christmas." Do you know it? I know you love when I ask you that. The snow's comin' down ♪ I'm watchin' it fall ♪ lots of people around ♪ baby, please come home ♪ the church bells in town ♪ are ringing in song ♪ full of happy sounds ♪ baby, please come home ♪ they're singing deck the halls ♪ but it's not like Christmas at all 'cause I remember when you were here ♪ and all the fun we had last year ♪ pretty lights on the tree ♪ what'll I do? ♪ You should be here with me ♪ baby, please come home ♪ >> Mariah: Daniel moon on the keys, ladies and gentlemen! ♪ Baby please ♪ baby please they're singing deck the halls but it's not like Christmas at all ♪ 'cause I remember when you were here and all the fun we had last-- >> Mariah: Who is this guy? Get over here! ♪ ♪ ♪ >> Mariah: This is a gentleman over here! ♪ >> Mariah: Is it? Please please come on! Ooh! Hey! La la la la ♪ Festive, try to make it festive. So much for being here tonight. One of my all-time favorite, favorite Christmas songs, "silent night." ♪♪ Silent night ♪♪ silent night holy night ♪ all is calm all is bright ♪ 'round yon virgin mother and child ♪ holy infant so tender and mild ♪ sleep in heavenly peace so tender and mild ♪ sleep in heavenly peace sleep in heavenly peace ♪ silent night sleep in heavenly peace ♪ silent night holy night ♪ son of god holy night ♪ son of god oh, love's pure light ♪ radiant beams from thy holy face ♪ with the dawn of redeeming grace ♪ Jesus lord at thy birth ♪ oh, Jesus lord at thy birth birth sleep in heavenly peace sleep, sleep sleep in heavenly ♪ heavenly, heavenly peace ♪ peace peace ♪ sleep oh ♪ sleep in heaven, heavenly peace ♪ We love you! >> Mariah: I'm going to tell you a little story you may or may not know. So, the next moment is obviously very special to me. And i-- I don't have birthdays. We all know his, right? We can recognize that. We can acknowledge that. Yes? So, when I had my greatest day ever was my birthing day when I gave birth to my twins, Moroccan and Monroe. Miss Monroe, here. Can we get a nice light on her while we see her pretty dress sparkle? See that? I love you, girl. Will you help me put this together so it looks nice? She's into styling, too. She's very stylish. Hold on, let me pull the silver. Look how nice she is. Give it up for the tiara, the tiara. All right. I can't... This is our first tour. Again, this is my daughter, Monroe, and she helped mommy with the dress. Can we give it up for that first, please? One. We started singing it, like, a week ago together, and we just thought, let's try it. Why not? So, it's called "away in a manger." ♪ Manger." ♪ ♪ Away in a manger no crib for a bed ♪ the little lord Jesus laid down his sweet head ♪ the stars in sky looked down where he lay ♪ the little lord Jesus asleep on the hay ♪ ooooh ooooh ♪ be near me, lord Jesus I ask you to stay ♪ close by me forever and love me, I pray ♪ bless all the dear children in your tender care ♪ and fit us for heaven to live with you there ♪ My daughter, Monroe. Everybody. How's everybody doing? I can't hear you! Merry Christmas, everybody! How you all doing? Thank you, miss Carey, for having me! This next song I'm going to sing is dedicated to my mama, my hero. Come on, Christian. ♪ ♪ A little lamb of god ♪ was born two thousand years ago ♪ but some things haven't changed so much ♪ the wind, the snow ♪ the glow within a mother's touch ♪ Jesus had a mama like mine ♪ to keep him from the cold ♪ with a humble bed of straw ♪ and a heart of gold ♪ holding him, holding him ♪ Jesus had a mama like mine ♪ to treat him like a king ♪ and even with no heavenly sign ♪ every mama's child is divine to her ♪ mamas don't change mama is love ♪ 'specially a mama like mine ♪ 'specially a mama like mine ♪ oh, my mama thank you, mama, mama, mama ♪ for loving me yeah ♪ you love me unconditionally ♪ I couldn't imagine life without you, mama ♪ oh thank you lord ♪ for a mama like mine ooh... ♪ thank you. Christian on piano. Do you like the ensemble? I hope you'll sing it. ♪ ♪ Christmas time is in the air again ♪ Christmas chimes reminding me of when ♪ we fell like the snow so deep in love ♪ high above us the evergreens ♪ sparkle with light and feel the breeze ♪ as we made future Christmas memories ♪ Christmas shoppers glance at us and smile ♪ 'cause the mistletoe is occupied ♪ and the dream is to share this Christmas cheer ♪ with you all year and not wait till the moment when ♪ Christmas time is in the air again ♪ Mr. Grinch simply can't resist warming up when he looks our way ♪ even old scrooge makes a Christmas wish ♪ for a honey to hold Christmas day ♪ and to feel love like ours always ♪>> but do you like the tree? ♪ Da da da dum ♪ and the dream is to share this Christmas cheer ♪ with you all throughout the year ♪ and not wait till the moment when ♪ Christmas time is in the air ♪ Christmas time is everywhere ♪ Christmas time is in the air again ♪ ooohhhhh >> we love you, Mariah! With my friend, Marc shaiman, the legendary Marc shaiman. Okay, so this is a song I wrote for my first Christmas album, and it did actually win the fan favorite "please do this song," so I wasn't lying. You know, sometimes it's just, like, I literally do this on my first Christmas album, so it's kind of my first Christmas love song-type thing. And then you asked, and so here we are. I'm going to listen to the piano for a minute and see if anybody recognizes this. ♪♪ The fire is burning the room's all aglow ♪ outside the December wind blows ♪ away in the distance the carolers sing in the snow ♪ oh, oh whoa ♪ everybody's laughing the world is celebrating ♪ and everyone's so happy except for me tonight ♪ because I miss you most at Christmas time ♪ and I can't get you no, no ♪ get you off of my mind ♪ every other season comes along and I'm all right ♪ but then I miss you, oh most at Christmas time ♪ I've never stopped missing you, baby ♪ I miss you most at Christmas time ♪ You're beautiful, and I love you! By the way, please, everybody, raise your hands up because I need to feel you a little bit. All right, good. Let's keep that energy. We're going to go into this one, and let's see if there's any real fans, or locals-- we love you as well, we love everybody-- but I need a lamb. You're not smiling. Next to that leg, you've got to smile. Come on! ♪ the whole world feels a little bit more love ♪ when Christmas comes when Christmas comes ♪ and everywhere that you go is people singing 'let it snow' ♪ and hanging up that mistletoe ♪ and me and you gonna have ourselves a holiday ♪ and we don't need nobody else to celebrate ♪ and we gon' kiss our worries and our cares away, I can't wait ♪ because this Christmas time get together ♪ it's gonna be so nice better than ever ♪ because this good love last forever ♪ good love makes our hearts open more ♪ when Christmas comes >> Mariah: When does he do it? ♪ When Christmas comes all the way." ♪ jingle all the way listen to him play. >> Mariah: Is everybody, like, into the Christmas spirit yet? Traveling and stuff and rehearsing, and I really wanted to spend the first moment here with you guys. But, you know, that didn't happen. I don't do the scheduling! Not the queen of scheduling, okay. Write that one down. Please, somebody! Anyway, getting back into that solemn kind of vibe, I was like, I really want to do a plethora, a variety of things. I wanted to do, like, you know, festive up-tempos and stuff, and then I said, "I have to do some of the songs that grew up making me love the spirit." And the spirit is what it's all about, for me. The spirit and just feeling the spirit with all of you tonight. So we want to do our rendition of "oh holy night," which we first did on "merry Christmas." Of y'all tonight. Danny Moore is going to guide me through it, because I love him. ♪ Come on, choir ♪ ♪ May we welcome the choir back to the stage? The stars are brightly shining ♪ it is the night of our dear savior's birth ♪ long lay the world in sin and error pining ♪ 'til he appeared and the soul felt its worth ♪ a thrill of hope ♪ the weary world rejoices ♪ for yonder breaks ♪ a new and glorious morn ♪ fall on your knees ♪ o hear the angels' voices ♪ o night divine ♪ o night when Christ was born ♪ o night divine ♪ o night o night divine ♪ yeah, yeah ♪ yeah, yeah ♪ o night divine ♪ o night divine ♪ [o nigh divine o night divine] ♪ [o night divine o night divine] ♪ [o night divine o night divine] ♪ [o night divine o night divine] ♪ [o night divine o night divine] ♪ O night divine] ♪ ♪ "Bah, humbug" no, that's too strong ♪ 'cause it's my favorite holiday ♪ but all this year's been a busy blur ♪ don't think I have the energy ♪ deck those halls, trim those trees ♪ raise up cups of Christmas cheer ♪ I just need to catch my breath Christmas by myself this year ♪ la la la la la la la la la ♪ merry Christmas, merry Christmas ♪ but I think I'll miss this one this year ♪ merry Christmas, merry Christmas ♪ but I think I'll miss this one this year ♪ merry Christmas, merry Christmas ♪ but I think I'll miss this one this year ♪ merry Christmas, merry Christmas ♪ but I think I'll miss this one this year ♪ hardly dashing through the snow ♪ 'cause I bundled up too tight ♪ last minute have to do a few cards a few calls ♪ 'cause it's "r.S.V.P." No thanks, no party lights ♪ it's Christmas Eve, gonna relax ♪ doing Christmas right this time ♪ la la la la la la la la la ♪ merry Christmas, merry Christmas ♪ couldn't miss this one this year ♪ merry Christmas, merry Christmas ♪ I couldn't miss this one this year ♪ merry Christmas, merry Christmas ♪ couldn't miss this one this year ♪ merry Christmas, merry Christmas ♪ couldn't miss this one this year ♪ Is that a diamond? Is that a diamond? >> That ain't no diamond. That's a fake crystal. >> Ooh, i'MMA tell Mariah you call her crystals fake! >> Hey, are you all talking about my mama? My mama ain't wearing nothing fake. >> Sorry, rocky! >> Yeah, all right. >> Hey, rocky, can you show us the "NBA 2k"? >> What you know about "2k"? >> Nothing. >> All right, let's go. ♪ ♪ And make you mine this Christmas ♪ Santa's gon' come and make you mine, mine ♪ oh, Santa Santa's gon' come ♪ and make you mine this Christmas ♪ Santa's gon' come and make you mine, mine ♪ Santa, if you get this letter won't you help me out? ♪ I know you're kinda busy with your elves right now ♪ and I don't know how you do the things you do ♪ while I sleep on Christmas Eve but it's amazing ♪ and I bet that you could bring me back my baby ♪ because every time I see Christmas lights ♪ I feel this burn inside and I just can't take it ♪ I saw them shopping last week and his new girl was so bleak ♪ and then I swore to myself Santa's gonna come ♪ and make you mine this Christmas night ♪ [ho-ho-ho! Santa's gon' come] >> Mariah: Sing along if you know it! ♪ [Santa's gon' come and make you mine, ho-ho-ho] ♪ Santa's gon' come and make you mine this Christmas night ♪ oh, Santa, I heard that it's really gonna snow this year ♪ so I hope Rudolph and them other eight reindeer ♪ get you safely here so you can scoop him up ♪ and scoop him right down my chimney ♪ I've been really, really, really good this year ♪ so put on that red suit and make him appear ♪ make this Christmas cheer ♪ just ain't the same without my baby ♪ come on, oh, kris kringle send me ♪ they say it's unrealistic but I believe in you, Saint Nick ♪ so Grant this wish for me right quick ♪ Santa won't you come and make him mine this Christmas night ♪ [ho-ho-ho! Santa's gon' come] ♪ [and make you mine this Christmas] ♪ [Santa's gon' come and make you mine, ho-ho-ho] ♪ Santa's gon' come and make you mine this Christmas night >> Mariah: Come on kids ♪ ♪ ♪ come on, Santa ♪ Santa gon' come and make you mine this Christmas ♪ Santa gon' come and make you mine, mine ♪ Santa gon' come and make you mine this Christmas ♪ Santa gon' come and make you mine, mine ♪ oh, Santa claus if you get this letter ♪ please don't make me wait 'cause all December ♪ I'll be counting down the days so hop on your sleigh ♪ I promise that I won't forget the milk and cookies ♪ the trees all sparkly and gold but inside I feel so cold ♪ so soon as you leave the north pole ♪ Santa, won't you come and make him mine this Christmas ♪ oh, oh-oh, oh-oh oh, oh-oh, oh-oh ♪ Santa's gon' come and make you mine, ho-ho-ho ♪ Santa's gon' come and make you mine this Christmas ♪ Santa's gon' come and make you mine, ho-ho-ho ♪ Santa's gon' comeand make you mine, mine ♪ Santa's gon' come and make you mine, ho-ho-ho ♪ Santa's gon' come and make you mine this Christmas ♪ Santa's gon' come and make you mine, ho-ho-ho ♪ Santa's gon' come and make you mine, mine ♪ Rockettes! It's the rockettes! Come on! Whoo! Never did I ever dream when I was growing up in New York, the actual rockettes would be here at my show. Come on! All right, ding dong! >> Mariah: I want to say, I love you back. I love you back! And we're going to feature an incredible artist who really needs no introduction and should not need an introduction especially in New York City, as well as one of my best friends and collaborators. And my son, rocky. So I'm going to let them start things out. And here we go. We got-- I got to thank them first, but let's see what we can do together. Whoo! Is that Jermaine dupri? ♪ Here comes Santa claus here comes Santa claus right down Santa claus Lane ♪ Vixen and blitzen and all his reindeer pulling on the reins ♪ bells are ringing children singing ♪ all is merry and bright ♪ hang your stockings with Christmas cheer ♪ 'cause Santa claus comes tonight ♪ oh, ho, ho, who wouldn't go? Oh, ho ho, who wouldn't go? ♪ Up the housetop, click, click, click ♪ 'cause Santa claus comes tonight ♪ so gather 'round ♪ gather 'round ♪ until night becomes the day ♪ gather 'round ♪ gather 'round ♪ we're gonna have a good time celebration >> Mariah: You guys, you guys! J.D.! J.d.! I've got the ultimate Christmas gift. Come on. >> Where? >> Come on, over here! Yo, Rick! Yo, Rick! I got my crew with me right now. Tell them the story that you told me. Knock 'em out, Rick ♪ knock 'em out, Rick knock 'em out the box, Rick knock 'em out the box, Rick ♪ ♪ hello, my name is Santa claus ♪ hello, my name is Santa claus ♪ and this don't fit properly ♪ so gather 'round gather 'round ♪ until night becomes the day ♪ gather 'round gather 'round >> 'preciate it, see ya later! ♪ We're gonna have a good time celebration >> appreciate you. See you later. >> Mariah: My favorite rapper of all time. And everybody else, this is rocky! >> ♪ Santa claus is coming to tonight ♪ >> Mariah: I'm admiring the whole ensemble. >> ♪ Santa claus is coming to tonight ♪ >> Mariah: J.D.! Don't abandon me. For slick Rick, the ruler! Tonight ♪ >> Mariah: And m.C.! Legend! ♪ hey, hey, Santa claus is coming tonight ♪ oh, yeah! Those glam moments all the while maybe creating a new style. I can't tell you how good it's going to be. But we're just going to do something. ♪ this is my hair you see, it's right in this section ♪ is anybody out there naturally curly or textured? ♪ Textured hair, I said I guess everybody got slick, straight hair out in the audience tonight! ♪ But my hair will be wet and it will be a mess ♪ and I'll be like, oh, then you set a little bit... ♪ Can you just pull it up pull it up a little bit ♪ so it's Madison square garden December 16 with all my peeps ♪ and we will celebrate tonight I know I can go there right now. ♪ ♪ >> Mariah: Typically at Christmas I only do Christmas songs, okay? Even at home, they're not allowed to play anything but Christmas songs until after new year's. Like, you know, we had a little bit of a moment this year, so we're going to do some hits for you that are mine. Couple little ones. ♪♪ Yo, New York in the house is Brooklyn in the house? ♪ uptown in the house Shaolin, are you in the house? ♪ boogie down, are you in the house? ♪ Sacramento, in the house ♪ Atlanta, Georgia, are you in the house? ♪ west coast, are you in the house? ♪ Japan, are you in the house? ♪ everybody are you in the house? ♪ baby, baby, come on baby, come on, baby, come on ♪ imagine, I could be your fantasy ♪ I can tell you got big think energy ♪ it ain't too many of them that can handle me ♪ but I might let you try it off the hennessy ♪ make 'em sing, make 'em sing like a melody ♪ and if your girl ain't right, I got the remedy ♪ it ain't too many of them that can handle me ♪ imagine, I could be your fantasy ♪ oh, when you walk by every night ♪ talking sweet and looking fine ♪ I get kinda hectic inside ♪ oh, baby I'm so into you darling, if you only knew ♪ all the things that flow through my mind ♪ but it's just a sweet sweet fantasy baby ♪ when I close my eyes you come and you take me ♪ it's so deep in my daydreams but it's just a sweet, sweet fantasy baby ♪ oh oh come and say oh oh come and say >> y'all know it! ♪ oh oh come and say oh oh come and say ♪ sweet sweet fantasy baby when I close my eyes you come and you take me ♪ it's so deep in my daydreams but it's just a sweet, sweet fantasy baby ♪ How'd you get me hooked on you ♪ heartbreaker you got the best of me ♪ but I just keep on coming back incessantly ♪ oh why did you have to run your game on me ♪ I should have known right from the start ♪ you'd go and break my heart ♪ oh honey, you can have me when you want me ♪ if you simply ask me to be there ♪ and you're the only one who makes me come runnin' ♪ 'cause what you got is far beyond compare ♪ heartbreaker, you got the best of me ♪ but I just keep on coming back incessantly ♪ oh why did you have to run your game on me? ♪ I should have known right from the start ♪ you'd go and break my heart uh uh ♪ how'd you get me hooked on you ♪ I am thinking of you ♪ I am thinking of you In my sleepless solitude tonight ♪ if it's wrong to love you then my heart just won't let me be right ♪ 'cause I've drowned in you and I won't pull through without you by my side ♪ I'd give my all to have just one more night with you ♪ I'd risk my life to ♪ [feel your body, feel your body, feel your body] ♪ 'cause I can't go on living in the memory of our song ♪ I'd give my all for your love tonight ♪ I'd give my all for your love tonight tonight ♪ ha ha ♪ ha ha ♪ ha ha ♪ ha New York, this is the part where I need everybody to get to the dance floor. ♪ It's like that, y'all! It's like that, y'all! ♪ It's like that-that-that-that, it's like that, y'all! ♪ It's like that, y'all! It's like that, y'all! ♪ It's like that-that-that-that, it's like that, y'all! ♪ It's like that, y'all! It's like that, y'all! ♪ It's like that-that-that-that, it's like that, y'all! ♪ It's like that, y'all! It's like that, y'all! ♪ It's like that-that-that-that, it's like that, y'all! ♪ I came to have a party ♪ open off that bacardi feeling so hot tamale ♪ boy, I know you watchin' me so what's it gonna be? ♪ Purple taking me higher I'm lifted, and I like it ♪ boy, you got me inspired ♪ baby come and get it if you're really feelin' me ♪ 'cause it's my night no stress, no fights ♪ I'm leavin' it all behind ♪ no tears no time to cry ♪ just makin' the most of life ♪ everybody is livin' it up ♪ all the fellas keep lookin' at us ♪ me and my girls on the floor like what ♪ while the dj keeps on spinnin' the cut ♪ it's like that y'all ♪ that y'all it's like that-that-that ♪ I like that y'all it's like that y'all ♪ that y'all ♪ it's like that-that-that I like that y'all ♪ here we go now! What! ♪ Here we go now! Hey! ♪>> Mariah: J.D.! >> Yeah, m.C. You've got me feeling emotions higher, higher ♪ you've got me feeling emotions higher, higher ♪ you've got me feeling emotions deeper than I've ever dreamed of ♪ you've got me feeling emotions higher than the heavens above ♪ I feel good I feel nice ♪ I've never felt so satisfied I'm in love, I'm alive ♪ intoxicated, flying high ♪ it feels like a dream ♪ when you touch me tenderly ♪ I don't know if it's real ♪ but I like the way I feel ♪ inside >> Mariah: But you know this one, though? It's inspirational. It works for Christmas for me, for this moment. It's called "make it happen." If you believe, you can actually make it happen. Yo got to keep the faith, that's all it is. ♪ I once was lost but now I'm found ♪ I got my feet on solid ground thank you lord ♪ if you believe within your soul ♪ just hold on tight and don't let go ♪ you can make it make it happen weeping may endure for a night, weeping may endure for a night, trust me. That there's a place up above ♪ with no more hurt and struggling ♪ free of all atrocities and suffering ♪ because I feel the unconditional love ♪ from one who cares enough for me ♪ to erase all my burdens and let me be free to ♪ fly like a bird take to the sky ♪ I need you now, lord carry me high ♪ don't let the world break me tonight ♪ I need the strength of you by my side ♪ sometimes this life can be so cold ♪ I pray you'll come and carry me home ♪ da da da da da he said he's never forsake you trust in him. ♪ da da da I need you ♪ da da da da da I want you right by my side ♪ keep your head up to the sky ♪ with your love I'll survive ooooooo ♪ fly like a bird take to the sky ♪ I need you now, lord carry me high ♪ don't let the world break me tonight ♪ I need the strength of you by my side ♪ sometimes this life can be so cold ♪ I pray you'll come and carry me home, carry me home oh, carry me home! ♪ oh, carry me home! ♪ Carry me higher, higher, higher ♪ carry me higher, higher, higher ♪ carry me higher, higher, higher ♪ carry me higher, higher, higher ♪ carry me higher, higher, higher ♪ carry me higher, higher, higher ♪ carry me higher, higher, higher ♪ carry me home carry me higher ♪ >> Mariah: I hear someone coming out to do something special. People want to keep me-- keep me surprised, and I'm like, what is happening? >> Well, hello, darling! >> Mariah: Oh, my gosh. >> Look at you! >> Mariah: Look at you! >> Look at this one! >> Mariah: Well, is that a good thing or a bad thing? Can I look at this one? Because we're doing something similar here. >> Mariah: By the way, that was so beautiful earlier. >> Thank you. Thank you for having me. So listen, no one flies like a bird like you, miss Mariah Carey. And I'm so happy to take this moment to present you with the 12-time diamond r.I.A.A. Award for "all I want for Christmas." This celebrates-- this passes last year's accomplishment. A diamond for a diamond, girl. >> Mariah: I brought you a diamond earlier because I thought it was-- >> you did! >> Mariah: But I threw it out in the audience. No, I promise you. Didn't I say that? >> >> Mariah: You got it? You got it? >> You have my diamond? >> Mariah: Yeah, yeah, he has your diamond, baby. >> Okay. >> Mariah: Thank you for this. We celebrated this diamond last year thank you for being here gracing the stage for us tonight. We love you so much. Thank you to all the fans that made this happen! I can't even believe it. And I thank you from the bottom of my heart. So let's dedicate this song to everybody. Sorry for me taking my time. I'm just taking my time. If we could go around a couple of times, and we can't. We'll get to the point. It's from "the emancipation of Mimi," another one of my favorites, written with my friend and partner, Jermaine dupri. ♪ Oooh oooh ♪ sweet love yeah, I didn't mean it when I said I didn't love you so ♪ I should have held on tight I never shoulda let you go ♪ I didn't know nothing I was stupid ♪ I was foolish I was lying to myself ♪ I could not fathom I would ever be without your love ♪ never imagined I'd be sitting here beside myself ♪ 'cause I didn't know you 'cause I didn't know me ♪ but I thought I knew everything ♪ I never felt the feeling that I'm feeling now ♪ that I don't hear your voice or have your touch ♪ and kiss your lips 'cause I don't have a choice ♪ oh, what I wouldn't give to have you lying by my side ♪ right here, 'cause baby ♪ when you left I lost a part of me ♪ it's still so hard to believe ♪ come back, baby, please come ♪ we belong together ♪ who else am I gon' lean on ♪ when times get rough ♪ who's gonna talk to me on the phone ♪ till the sun comes up ♪ who's gonna take your place ♪ there ain't nobody better oh, baby, baby ♪ we belong together ♪ I can't sleep at night when you are on my mind ♪ Bobby womack's on the radio saying to me ♪ [if you think you're lonely now] ♪ wait a minute this is too deep too deep ♪ so I turn the dial trying to catch a break ♪ and then I hear babyface I only think of you ♪ and it's breaking my heart ♪ I'm trying to keep it together but I'm falling apart ♪ I'm feeling all out of my element ♪ I'm throwing things, crying ♪ trying to figure out where the hell I went wrong ♪ the pain reflected in this song ♪ ain't even half of what I'm feeling inside ♪ I need you, need you back in my life, baby ♪ when you left I lost a part of me ♪ it's still so hard to believe ♪ come back, baby, please come ♪ we belong ♪ who else am I gon' lean on ♪ when times get rough ♪ who's gonna talk to me on the phone ♪ till the sun comes up ♪ who's gonna take your place ♪ there ain't nobody better oh, baby, baby ♪ we belong together, baby ♪ when you left I lost a part of me ♪ it's still so hard to believe ♪ come back, baby, please ♪ we belong together who am I gon' lean on when times get rough who's gonna talk to me ♪ till the sun comes up ♪ who's gonna take your place ♪ there ain't nobody else oh, baby, baby ♪ we belong together ♪ we belong together ♪ ♪ Life into that song. And we're going to try to do the same thing with this one. Used to be-- there's a special guest in the audience who actually suggested that I do this little moment, like medley of other non-Christmas songs. And the only one that felt right to me initially was this one, because the message of the song, because I've been doing it for so long, and I was like, I don't know. But then, when people would tell me that it helped them get through crises in their lives and loved ones that they've lost and, you know, we're going to get through the holidays-- whether you're festive or not, please think of me and just know know, just give me, like, a festive thought because i'm going to be giving it back to you, so we can share it together. And this is my song, "hero." Tonight, New York City. If you remember this, or you've learned to know it, we just love to see those lights in the air sometimes. ♪ There's a hero if you look inside your heart ♪ you don't have to be afraid of what you are ♪ and there's an answer if you reach into your soul ♪ and the sorrow that you know will melt away, yeah ♪ and then a hero comes along with the strength to carry on ♪ and you cast your fears aside and you know you can survive ♪ so when you feel like hope is gone ♪ look inside you and be strong ♪ and you'll finally see the truth ♪ that a hero lies in you when you face the world alone ♪ no one reaches out a hand for you to hold ♪ you can find love if you search within yourself ♪ and then that emptiness you felt will disappear ♪ and then a hero comes along with the strength to carry on ♪ and you cast your fears aside 'cause you know you can survive ♪ so when you feel like hope is gone ♪ look inside you and be strong ♪ and you'll finally see the truth ♪ that a hero lies in you oh, oh ♪ lord knows dreams are hard to follow ♪ but don't let anyone tear them away ♪ just hold on there will be tomorrow ♪ in time you'll find the way ♪ then a hero comes along with the strength to carry on ♪ and then you cast your fears aside ♪ because you know you can survive ♪ when you feel like hope is gone ♪ look inside you and be strong ♪ and then you'll finally see the truth ♪ that a hero lies in [A hero lies, a hero lies, a hero] ♪ that a hero lies in you ♪ you a hero lies in you ♪ a hero lies in you ♪ oh, oh! >> Mariah: Thank you so much! Merry Christmas! We love you! >> Whoa! Hello, everybody! Hi! Wow! And that is one impossible act to follow. That a hero lies in you, well, you believe her, you know? Especially when you're on the rough side of that mountain, wherever your personal mountain may be. Yeah, we believe her, you know. That is the magic of Mimi. She grabs you by the heart and she does not let go! She is an anthem machine. And if "hero" makes us believe that we are stronger than we think, then "all I want for Christmas..." Possible. That's right, the festive finale is here. Yes! The most wonderful song of the year. And it has broken every record, topped every chart list. It is sung in places where Christmas isn't even a thing! And when it's played for goats on a farm, it makes them produce more milk than usual. That is a real science fact. I don't know why we tested that, but we did. Now, fasten your seat belts. It is time for the grand finale. And to everyone here, merry Christmas, and happy, happy new year. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I don't want a lot for Christmas ♪ there is just one thing I need ♪ I don't care about the presents ♪ underneath the Christmas tree ♪ I just want you for my own ♪ more than you could ever know ♪ make my wish come true ♪ all I want for Christmas is... You ♪ I don't want a lot for Christmas ♪ there is just one thing I need ♪ don't care about the presents ♪ underneath the Christmas tree ♪ I don't need to hang my stocking ♪ there upon the fireplace ♪ Santa claus won't make me happy ♪ with a toy on Christmas day ♪ I just want you for my own ♪ more than you could ever know ♪ make my wish come true all I want for Christmas ♪ is you >> come on! ♪ oh, I won't ask for much this Christmas ♪ I won't even wish for snow ♪ I'm just gonna keep on waiting underneath the mistletoe ♪ I won't make a list and send it ♪ to the north pole for Saint Nick ♪ I won't even stay awake to hear those magic reindeer click ♪ 'cause I just want you here tonight ♪ holding on to me so tight ♪ what more can I do? Baby, all I want for Christmas ♪ is you ♪ oh, all the lights are shining so brightly everywhere ♪ and the sound of children's laughter fills the air ♪ and everyone is singing, I hear those sleigh bells ringing ♪ Santa, won't you bring me the one I really need? ♪ won't you please bring my baby to me? ♪ oh, I don't want a lot for Christmas ♪ this is all I'm asking for ♪ I just want to see my baby ♪ standing right outside my door ♪ oh, I just want you for my own more than you could ever know ♪ make my wish come true baby, all I want for Christmas ♪ is you ♪ all I want for Christmas is you, baby ♪ all I want for Christmas is you, baby is you, baby >> Mariah: I know I said I won't even wish for snow, but I always do! Hey! I can't reach it! >> ♪ All I want for Christmas is you ♪ >> Mariah: How did everybody get so lovely? Is you, baby ♪ all I want for Christmas is you, baby ♪ all I want for Christmas is you, baby ♪ all I want for Christmas is you, baby ♪ all I want for Christmas is you, baby ♪ all I want for Christmas is you, baby ♪ all I want for Christmas is you, baby ♪ all I want for Christmas is you, baby >> Mariah: Thanks to my guests! Billy Porter! >> ♪ All I want for Christmas is you, baby ♪ all I want for Christmas is you, baby ♪ all I want for Christmas is you, baby is you, baby >> come on, Monroe! ♪ all I want for Christmas is you, baby >> Mariah: What do you want for Christmas, though? ♪ all I want for Christmas is you, baby >> that was awesome! Amazing! >> ♪ all I want for Christmas is you, baby ♪ all I want for Christmas is you, baby >> legend! >> Mariah: This is your first snowstorm, New York! Your first snowstorm! >> Mariah: What do you want for Christmas, though? ♪ all I want for Christmas is you, baby >> that was awesome! Amazing! >> ♪ all I want for Christmas is you, baby ♪ all I want for Christmas is you, baby >> Mariah: This is your first snowstorm, New York! Your first snowstorm! >> ♪ All I want for Christmas is you, baby! ♪ >> ♪ All I want for Christmas is you, baby >> ♪ all I want for Christmas is you, baby >> Mariah: Santa, please? One toy? >> ♪ All I want for Christmas is you, baby >> we love Mimi! >> ♪ all I want for Christmas is you, baby >> we love Mimi! We love Mimi! We love everybody! >> ♪ All I want for Christmas is you, baby >> it's my birthday, and this is the absolute best day of my life! Is you, baby >> Mariah, you're on fire, baby! >> Mariah: Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night! >> Whoo! >> All I want for Christmas is Mimi. >> We love you! >> ♪ All I want for Christmas is you, baby >> Mariah: Good night! Merry Christmas! Have the best holiday ever! >> ♪ all I want for Christmas is you, baby ♪ all I want for Christmas is you, baby >> ♪ all I want for Christmas is you, baby >> ♪ all I want for Christmas... Is you. ♪ >> merry Christmas!