It's nice to be out In the morning When you've got somewhere To go But seeing The same old places That can make you feel So low Ardwick Green Where the grass is grey Beswick, Hulme And Harpurhey Whalley Range Where the tomcats roam They're not the sights Of Rome But it's home - Come on! - What took you so long? - Have you been speeding - Again? - Hey! Morning, I say. Good day for racing, John. Morning. Hi. Come on, love, let's show them. Here we are. Ciao, love. Wish this was a real race. Glad it rained last night. She likes it wet. There's the hare. Hey, she took that turn like a real champion. Gosh, she's on form. She's catching the hare! She's caught it! Hooray! Great stunt! Fantastic! Let's leave. Come on, lads. - No. - I'll see you later on tonight. After work, alright? Sure, right. Hey! Come on. I'm off to work now. I'll see you later. Bye. You'll be late again and today is special. - Tuesday, - That's no holiday. - It's your interview today. - You're gonna get a promotion. - Now, mind you do or I'll give - You a clip in the lughole. - Now, do hurry, - You've got porridge. Have I? Where? In the kitchen. Turn in your passports, lads. All ye who enter here are stuck. "Curtsey does it!" - Tulley - To inspect the outhouse. Stop mucking about and don't let me have to tell you again! - "Help pile the numbers." - "Well out of line, - Nincompoops!" "What's a nincompoop, sir?" "A noncommissioned nincompoop, you clot! And above all, remember, you're not Britain, you're Manchester." It's nice to be out In the morning When you've got somewhere To go But seeing The same old places That can make you feel So low Ardwick Green Where the grass is grey Beswick, Hulme And Harpurhey Whalley Range Where the tomcats roam They're not the sights Of Rome But it's home It's nice to be out In the morning When you've got somewhere To go But seeing The same old places That can make you feel So low United's ground Where the champions score A hundred goals To the reds stand's roar And Bobby Charlton Best and Law It's a most fantastic day When they play It's nice to be out In the morning When you've got somewhere To go But seeing The same old places That can make you feel So low In Advertising House this morning, two young lads sit before me. Neither of them men, but both with a man's ambition to fill a single opening: Junior assistant accounts exec. How does one choose? This is a rung up the golden ladder - for somebody - With imagination and drive. Is that you, Tulley? - Well, if I may put it - Modestly, sir... Modesty belongs in politics, not advertising, old fellow. Advertising is 50 percent style, 50 percent creativity, 50 percent drive. That's 150 percent, sir. - Up to now, - You've both been clogs dealing with facts and figures. But from now on, one of you must decide what to do - with those facts - And figures. What are we in Advertising House? Do we manufacture? No, not really, sir. Do we sell? No, sir. We exaggerate, sir. We mold. out there in that filthy city There are six million people waiting to be shaped, molded and given the boot. In short, we brainwash them, which is not easy because half of them have not got any brains. - You're gonna love - This color. Oh, I hope so. Ow, there's soap in my eye. Now, madam, a beautiful shade of raspberry blond. - What we give them - Is taste, sir. Splendid, Swothard. is making a grunting noise Your age bracket - like a herd - Of individual water buffalo doing a tribal dance. All in miniskirts, with mini minds and mini behinds. Hi, Keith. Hi. Birds. Five mini moppets want a pink hat. Not that they need a hat or like pink. But our clients' hats are pink, so we make them think pink and eat pink. But this group, we make them realize - that they are living - Beyond the fringe, that they are outsiders. We give them good things until they are obsessed - to posses the other group's - Pink hat. Exactly, sir. And then, sir, soon all the other 10 will be wearing our pink hats. Quite right, Swothard. - I like the way - Your noise is pointing. Thank you very much, sir. And now I will show you two the secret nerve center and the very heart - of Advertising House. - Come along. Come along. This is the computer room. Come along. Come along. Morning, Miss Fisher. Carry on. This computer, gentlemen, is the great governor of us all. Some of us believe that it is the center of the universe in fact. a question: But now, gentlemen, Why, despite the computers and our efforts, does the average man and woman still feel compromised? Well? - Probably because they've got - The same pink hat. But, sir, how can anyone be oneself - if you're the same - As everyone else? Tulley, you seem guilty of incorrect thinking. Conformity is the very essence of what our executives require. But an individual conformity naturally. I'm sorry, sir. - You don't like the way - My nose is pointing. Frankly, Tulley, I don't! She is fast, isn't she? - Look at the way she catches - Milkmen and rent collectors. - She gets them every time - Right by the ankles. - But look, Tulley, - We've each bought 20 percent - of a greyhound puppy's upkeep - For 15 nicker each, right? - Yeah. - It's a bloody fortune, that. - And what have we got - To show for it? A pile of vet's bills. - When are we gonna get - Something back? - Look, you can't race a dog - Without entrance fees. It costs fortunes. - Well, she's not gonna get - Anymore from me. - Your granddad should've - Left money along with the dog. - I'm not asking you - For any more money. Look, I promise you, - if we get together - And practice enough, - I'll get us booked - Into some pubs on the weekends. Let's get together and have a couple of practices. Do you mean we're starting a group? Yeah. We need the group to race the dog. - Look, I know I'm thick - Between the ears, but I don't follow that. Don't you see? We need the group to make some money to race the dog. - Well, - Why don't we race the dog - and get some money - And start a group? - Because it takes pots of money - To race a dog. - Anyway, we'd make - Loads of money on the side. I can't play on my side. Ah, come on. - Who's gonna pay to listen - To our noise? - Well, my gran went wild - When she heard us. And she knows. - Practice tonight - After supper. Eh? What? You know what I think? I think we've been conned. Evening, grandma. Hello, love. You didn't get the promotion, did you? It's written all over your mug. I goofed. Here's all the washing for you. - Practically busted - The launderette machine. - Next time, do take the dog - Bones out of Herman's pockets. There's a dear. Have tea. - Have you seen - What I've made you, love? The meal of the month. It takes 15 minutes. - Ten to unfreeze it, - Five to hot it up. Come on. But I put my heart into it, gran. Everybody on the telly's mad about it. On my life. Go on, eat it. We've had ours. Don't rush me. I'm savoring it. Hey, Herm, give a look. Where'd you nick that from? My new hat. Forty-two, bought two for the price. - I bought it - Especially for you. Yeah, but it's pink. - Well, that's why I bought it. - Well, everyone's got them. Fetching, isn't it? - It would look better - On Swothard. Has he got one too? Did you get that promotion, Herm? No, he goofed. You'll never save enough - for one of those new mod flats - That way. - What do I want a flat for? - I'm not getting married. There's 2000 going up. Oh, but they're ever so nice. Two hundred and fifty little nests in each block. - With automatic scent ejectors - Fixed in the doors - and a telly - Built right into the wall. - I'm quite happy living here - With Gloria. - But you know - What that welfare lady said. Gran ought to go to the old people's H-O-M-E. old folks' H-O-M-E! I'm not going to any bleeding - No one said you were, - Grandma. - I'm gonna have my cottage - By the sea like when I was a toddler. Tuppence each. - They're threepence each now, - Love. - And who's going to pay - For this cottage by the sea? You're not! Mrs. Brown's gonna pay for it, isn't she? Anyway, I'm off now. - Got to see the lads - For practice. - You're not. Have you forgotten - It's trimming night? - And don't forget - To give granddad a good watering tonight. You've got my word. - Sometimes I feel - He thinks more of that dog than he does of me. I'm not a bit surprised. You're just one of the lads to him. Hey, that'll do! - If you want a young man - To notice you, you'll want to darn his socks and iron his shirts. But I don't know how. Start with that pile. You'll soon get the hang of it. Come on, love. Hello, granddad. this morning. Broke the track record Yeah. I say, that dog looks half starved. - Well, you've come - To the right place for bones. She's a racer. That's the style. A racer? - You're looking at a bloke who's - Lost a fortune in his time. Gambling on dogs and women. Um... - You couldn't spare - 5 shillings - for a cup of hot toddy, - Could you? - I find - It keeps out the cold. - I couldn't seem to afford - To find some pity for myself. Oh. - How about a shilling - For a cup of tea? Sixpence? - A bit of yesterday's - Pork pie? - Now, look, - I'm not a tramp, sir. - I'm a gentleman - Of the road. - The honorable Percy, son, - Is my name. I'm in advertising myself. Where are you from? Oh, everywhere. I go where I like, - how I like it - And when I like it. Free as a bird, I am. And by my own choice, I might add. - I'm not ashamed of what I am. - No regrets. - Well, what are you doing - In the graveyard then? Well, actually, - I was thinking of borrowing - Some of these flowers - to sell outside of the hospital - For a few shillings. - It's amazing what you'll do - When you're starving. - How do you fancy - Some meal of the month? - Now, that sounds very nice. - What was it? - Oh, it's impossible - To tell you. Well, are you coming then? Sorry I'm not dressed for dinner. Goodnight, granddad. Who? Now, that looks wonderful. Is that the meal of the month? It's for the dog. Pity. - You can have - Tinned spaghetti. Now, let me stop. Very nice. Have a go at that one. Yeah. - Oh, I'm bringing the lads back - Later for some eats. Just make yourself at home. - I say - These croutons are a bit hard. From the sea Just two minutes Every room equipped With ancient-cy Life is fun For everyone Down at Holiday Inn Breakfast In the dining room And guess which ones Are on their honeymoon Blushing bride Trying to hide Down at Holiday Inn So come on, people You mustn't be late There's a lot to do And they'll be people Standing In the bathroom queue Don't let it happen To you Life goes merrily along To the music Of the dinner gong Potted plants Maiden aunts Down at Holiday Inn Homemade marmalade For two Swimsuits hanging On the balcony If you can Get your tan Down at Holiday Inn So come on people You mustn't be late There's a lot to do And they'll be people Standing In the bathroom queue Don't let it happen To you Homemade marmalade For two Swimsuits hanging On the balcony If you can Get your tan Down at Holiday Inn I'll be here Come next year Down at Holiday Inn Down at Holiday Inn Down at Holiday Inn Okay, what's next? - That's it. Let's go. Yeah, let's go and eat. Hey! Just a minute! Is that what you lot call a rehearsal? I'll take that... - Careful. - Aw, - I wonder what's for dinner. Hey, lads! Come here! for you while I was waiting. I thought I'd fix your socks Haven't seen many holes in your toes. Well, the ones you've got on must have holes in them too. - Throw them in that pile - Over there. Well, go on, take off your shoes. And while you're waiting for a clean pair, take off your shirt and I'll wash it for you too. If you want, I'll press out your trousers for you. Just take them off and leave them. - Well, I can't iron them on you, - Can I? Uh, madam, um, uh, I'm only a guest for supper - and I think you want to do me - A mischief. Ma! Ma! Hello. What happened to you? - You look half scared - Out of your wits. - Well, there was a woman - In here. - Oh, I thought she was asleep. She often gets a bit frisky. You know, it's her old legs. Oh, I'm starving hungry. He's at it again. Hello. What's that? - I think it's my old - Long lost dad. Is it you, dad? Percy, meet the lads. Lads, Percy. - Yes, but I think I'll have - A bit more for after if I may. Thank you. Ah. - No. No, no, no. She's on a diet. We're hoping she's gonna win tomorrow. - If we qualify, we're going down - To London for the Derby Trials. That's very exciting. Are you lads going too? Ask them that one again. - If we can afford the fare, - Then we'll go. Well, go by thumb. I always do. Meet us some ni... Meet us some nice classy people that way. - Listen, I don't care - What you decide to do but I ain't going. - I'm not gonna give up my job - And my bed and board for a dog. Aw, come on, Leck. - Your group - Seems to be coming unstuck. Gentlemen, ahem, don't poop the group. - Which happens to be the title - To my latest hit. Ra para param, Ra para param Rapam, patam tam tam - Don't poop the group - Lads - Or one day - The group may poop you Thank you. Good night. Really, you found him? He's great, isn't it? Okay, miss. Eleven, 12, 13, 14, 15. What is that peculiar smell? - Must have been the kipperton. - I've been keeping it in. Yes, well, good luck anyway. The trainer will take your dog now, Herman. Thanks. Best of luck, love. See you at the winning post. And they're out. I wish you'd stop stuffing those things down your throat. - I've got to eat - When I'm nervous. - I've got a pound on her - To win. Your eating habits are disgusting. There she is! In track 3, Mrs. Brown. Owned and trained by Mr. HP Tulley. Look. Look. Yeah. - Move! Come on! - Come on, Mrs. Brown! She's gonna win! Aw, she's the greatest. - Too much. - Come on, come on, come on! Oh, she's done it again Oh, she's done it again Du dudududu du dudududu Du dudududu du dudududu She is the best She beat them all She is queen Of the nation I am feeling Ten feet tall Let's join In the celebration Such beauty Takes your breath away And my sweetheart Has made my day Oh, she's done it again Oh, she's done it again Du dudududu Du dudududu Du dudududu Du dudududu Du dudududu Dududududu-du Hello, hello, hello, my lucky lads. - I thought I'd catch you up - In here getting your shiny cup. Congratulations. Wonderful. Brown's my name. How do you do? George George Brown. - I'll bet that sounds funny, - Eh, - having the same first name - Twice? My dad's fault. He stuttered. - Huh. Well, ask me what - I'm doing here in Manchester. - Okay. What are you doing - Up here in Manchester? - Well, now is it up from London - Or down? I never know. - Depends which way you're - Holding the map I suppose. Just a little visit. Not much. I'm in the, uh... I'm in the fruit and vegetable lot. Alright. - I managed to pick me up - A few tons of this and that from the locals. Yes. - That's a very nice cup, - You know? Let's have a look. Oh, yes. Of course, I wouldn't mind having that for myself. Uh... - Of course it belongs - To the dog. - Why not? She won it. - Didn't you, my love? - Eh? Look at that. - Laughing about it. - Here, I'll tell you what, - Come and meet my missus. - She'd love it. - Eh? Will you all come? - Yes, come on. - Bring the dog as well. She's not far down here. Come on, down here. Follow me. So I said to Mrs. Brown, that's my wife, - "Tonight, - You're going to the dogs." - "Begging your pardon," - Says she. "To the greyhounds, queen of my life," I says. Well, once there, - with a nice bowl - Of gin inside her, the lady is content. Then she happens to notice that her namesake, Mrs. Brown, - is to run in the fourth race. - So, what do you know? - Isn't it strange, - The fickle finger of fate? Half an hour later, - she's picking up - Half a ton in winnings. - Come on. Come and meet my wife - And daughter. There she is. - Angel, - This is Herman and the lads. Oh, how nice. Hello. - Which one is this, - Wife or daughter? - Oh, what a charmer you are, - Herman. Such a change to our usual London sort. Refreshing, isn't he? Yes. - You going to London - For the dog trials? - Wouldn't miss it - For the world. - If the dog wins, - We stay in there. At least some of us are. - Oh, well now, lads, - If you're gonna jump, can't leave one foot on the ground. - When I started - In this business - I had one barrel with a pitch - Near Battersea Bridge. Then I met Mrs. Brown. - Gave all my fruit away, - Rushed home and said to Mother, "Press my trousers real good. - I'm gonna kiss the prettiest - Girl in London tonight." - He made me laugh miserable - Till I said yes. - You think he's a peasant now, - He was a proper shambles then. His daddy was a bar keeper. Mine was a bookie. Never mind, Mother. Now, lads, don't you worry. - You'll find fame and fortune - In the big city. Oh. - There's our - One and only daughter. Judy. Excuse me. of next month's Teenage Bride. A model. Gonna be on the cover Imagine. Hello. - Ah. I'm sorry to have been gone - So long. I had to go and call Clive. - The way he carries on, - You wouldn't believe - I'd only been away from - The social welfare a weekend. He's an absolute child. Sweet ninny. Hello. Hello, Mommy. Hello, Mama. Now the next race... Hey, look. Over there. What? Birds. Oh, yeah. Excuse us a minute. - If you didn't know, you - Wouldn't believe all Jude says. - What with her going off - To that posh school, a little Cockney tike, - and coming out - So different and all. It's ever so embarrassing to our friends. - Sometimes I feel we're living - With a blooming foreigner. There she is. What a sweet and lovely dog you are, Mrs. Brown. - You know, sometimes I wonder - If I own Mrs. Brown or if she owns me. - That's just the way I feel - About modeling. - Sometimes I don't know if - I'm posing for the photographer or he's posing for me. Must be great having the world chasing after you - and your pictures on the front - Of those magazines. Is that what you want? Oh, no, I don't. Mrs. Brown does, though. She's ambitious. - Wouldn't you like - To see your picture - on the cover - Of Dog's Life? Here you are you two. Your dad's waiting in the car. It's about time you two went. Here she is, good as new. - Have a nice trip back, - Won't you? Thanks, Herman. You're lovely. to give you his card. Oh, uh, G.G. asked me Call us in London, if you ever get there. Thank you. I will. You'll call? Oh, don't stand there like a lump. - She's got that soppy look - On her face again. You've got five more seconds. - I do hope you make it - To London. Yeah? So do I. Well, I'm shocked I am. Can't trust either of you for half a minute, can I? Get in. Get out! He who hesitates is lost. Shut out the light and pack it in. You've only three hours before the alarm clock goes. Gloria, love. What is it now? I'm in love. At your age? Don't make me laugh. Night-night, love. There's a kind of hush All over the world Tonight All over the world You can hear the sounds Of lovers in love You know what I mean Just the two of us And nobody else In sight There's nobody else And I'm feeling good Just holding you tight So listen Very carefully Closer now And you will see what I mean It isn't a dream The only sound That you will hear Is when I whisper In your ear I love you Forever and ever There's a kind of hush All over the world Tonight All over the world People just like us They're falling in love Yeah They're falling in love They're falling in love Hush - Look, lads, - I got us a job at that pub, The Red Lion, tonight. - That will make us - A few quid. - Will that be enough to get us - And Mrs. Brown to London? And keep us there. - If we don't take - The plunge now, - we're not going, - And that's that. - Not as though any of us - Were chucking up a fantastic girl, is it? make up our minds and do it. Well, I think we should just - With what we make tonight, - We've got a chance. In for a penny, in for a pound. What'd you say? don't get out of this rain. It will be influenza if we My old man don't earn much. In fact, he's flipping skint. One, two, three, four. My old man's a dustman - He wears - A dustman's hat - He wears - Cor-blimey trousers - And he lives - In a council flat He looks a proper nana - In his great - Big hobnail boots - He has such a job - To get them up - He calls them - Daisy roots Listen, boys and girls. - I'm going to pass a hat around - For Mrs. Brown. Good bless her. - I want you to fill it - To the brim. Give until it hurts. - And I'm going to set the ball - Rolling - by putting in a nicker in - Myself. Yes, a whole nicker. Well... My old man's a dustman - He wears - A dustman's hat - He wears - Cor-blimey trousers - And lives - In a council flat He looks a proper nana - In his great - Big hobnail boots - He has such a job - To get them up He calls them Daisy roots - Some give tips - At Christmas - But some folks - They forget - My old man - Picks up their bins - He spills some - On the flat - Now one old man - Got nasty - And to the council - Wrote - Till next time - My old man Went 'round there - He punched him - Up the throat - Well, boys, now, what - Have we got? What have we got? - Come on, let's have a look. - Come on. - What have we got? - What have we got? - One pound, six and seven - Couldn't take me on a bus ticket. And... You miserable loads. to give until it hurts. I told you - We're gonna keep you here till - You do it. Come on now. - Be a bit more generous - Than that. Blimey! And don't forget, it's for Mrs. Brown. One, two, three, four One day in a hurry He missed a lady's bin - She hadn't gone - But a few yards - When she called - After him - Yeah, what game do you think - You're playing? - She cried - Right from the heart - You missed me - Am I too late? - No, - Jump up on the cart Come on, have a go. My old man's a dustman - He wears - A dustman's hat - He wears - Cor-blimey trousers - And he lives - In a council flat He looks a proper nana - In his great - Big hobnail boots - He has such a job - To get them up He calls them daisy roots One more time. My old man's a dustman - He wears - A dustman's hat - He wears - Cor-blimey trousers - And he lives - In a council flat He looks a proper nana - In his great - Big hobnail boots He has such a job To get them up He calls them Daisy roots Six and seven pence, hit me. Who's nicked the quid? Who's got the quid? Come on. You nicked the quid. Ah, come off it. You had the hat last. Who do you think you're pushing, mate? Smash him, Teddy! Oh, good one. Hit him! Hit him! Hit him, come on! Go at him! Take that! Oh, hey! I'll have you! Come on...! God save Our gracious queen Long live our noble queen God save the queen Send her victorious Happy and glorious Long to reign over us God save the queen Oh, Gloria, love, I'm off now. You won't be lonely, will you? - I've got my fish, - You know. And don't forget, - if you get worked up - Into one of your tantrums, don't bottle it up. - Take it out - On the rent collector. - Bought you - Some old crockery, so you've got plenty to smash. Well, goodbye. Get off, then. Best of British luck. - Well, you'll take good care - Of my bike, won't you? I'll treasure it like my life. Oh, where are the lads? Well, they'll be along. You've got time. Well, give us a kiss. Tulley! Oh, here they are. What's all the rush? - There's plenty of time. - Don't sweat. You're the one that's sweating. - A pity Leck - Won't come with us. - Oh, he used to play - Too loud anyway. - Oh, we'll pick up a bloke - In London. - Sure there are a dozen - There. - Of course we will. Come on. ready, please. Please. Have your tickets Thank you, sir. - What have you got - In there? It's my mum. - Have your tickets ready. - Hurry along. Your tickets, please. Hey! You lot! Don't I even get a last kiss goodbye? You're all I've got in the world. I may never see you all again. Like my big brothers. And you're leaving me. Tata, love. Look after yourself, love. Everything's ready, please. Hurry along, please. You will write to me, won't you? Every day? You promise? - Yeah! Hurry, sir. Leck, you've made it! I wish I'd missed it. Hang on, lads! Bye! Say something, will you? Or else push off. You can't come with us. - Hey, - Where'd you get her from? She followed me. What does she want? - I don't know. - She don't talk. to run along home. Well, you've gotta tell her as if she's got a home. It don't look - Hey, come on. - We gotta get rid of her. - Just look at the state - She's in. - It's bad enough as it is - Already. - Hey, B, look in her collar - For an address. - Her name's - Fanny Boutique. No address, same as us. Look, love. You'll have to go now. So see you. So long. I'm sorry. Another time, perhaps. But if you follow us, I'll have to slush you. Here it is. - This is the place alright. Keep your fingers crossed. Hmm? - Mrs. Wilson - From number 10 - says you might be able - To help us with some rooms. - Well, I've only got - One room left. - We could squeeze in. - We've got nowhere to go. - We came all the way - From Manchester. - Well, how many are there - Of you then? One, two... - And Mrs. Brown, - But she won't be around. Mrs. Brown? - Look, I don't want - Anything like that. I run a nice clean house. Bloody foreigners. Hurry. - Quick. - Shut up, Leck. This way, gents. This way. You know, it was safe to meet me in that cafe down the road. - Just the right man - For the job. Keep the noise down a bit. I'm very sorry. Look, okay, don't worry. - You'll be very comfortable - Here. It's a very nice place. Nice bed, telly, games. Oh, everything you want. It'll be very nice. - Of course - It's not really a hotel. It's what you might call a chummy hostel. - This is more like it, - Eh, lads? Very nice. Oh, eh, 2 pound a week and a pound for the dog. That's very reasonable. Oh, of course. Oh. Thank you very much. - I'll just hustle along now - Outside and get a nice cup of tea for us. - Uh, I'm glad - We finally found this place. - Oh, there's the canteen. - I'm starving. Help me! Help! Okay, come on, get down. Ray! Come on, all of you. Come on, lad. Evening. Evening. - Five cheese - And one of them cheese rolls. A sausage roll, please. Cheese roll, please. Well, I'm blessed. It's the dog fans, isn't it? What are you doing here? Oh. Well, I always spend my summer on the river. - You were here for the big race, - Then, are you? That's right. Yeah. Where are you staying, then? Where does it look like? Hmm, I know. Hotel situation's shocking this time of year. - I always stay - At The Embankment. - It's not exactly - The Taj Mahal. - Has got a better view - Of the Thames. I'll show it to you. Oh. Do you like swimming? Yeah, but not at the moment. - Alright, then. - We'll walk it. - How much is that? Four and tenner, sir. There you go. single rooms and a kennel. Let's see. You want five Or is it five kennels - And single room? a terrible time, Percy. Oh, we've had We've tried everywhere to find a place to stay. put you on the Super Plex. Yeah. Of course I could have - Three bedroom house. - Bathroom, kitchen, dining room. Four pounds a week, - provided you don't mind living - Next to a Chinese family. - Where's that? - Keep quiet - Because it's member's only. Evening, Fred. That ain't broke. What you got me, lad? Never mind what I got you. - I'm not telling you. Hello there. Hi. It's the old bag. I'll have my suite. Oh, you know. Evening. Now, come on, duckie. Is that a duck? - Hey, you were right. - It is a fantastic view. - Yes. - That's our little casino. Fascinating membership. Every single one of them has a story. - For instance, old Fred - Over there, the doorman. Very tragic. - Lost all his money - In the city. - Uh, lost it - On the stock exchange, eh? - No. - Hole in his overcoat pocket. - Very clever people here, - You know. Very clever. Well, shall we go to the dining center now? Hello, Iris. Hello. - Hello, cook. How are you? - Nice to see you. - Five soup du jours - For my friends, please. Five soup du jours. Yes, love. - Ah! I see we have - The Palm Court Orchestra here. Evening, gentlemen? - You like music? We love it. Yeah. - One, two, - One, two, three, five. Hey, have some. Hey, laddie. - Well, shall we move on - To our accommodations? - Over here, gentlemen, - Please. Thanks, Iris. Thank you. Sure, love. You're welcome. Yes. I'll see you later. Alfred, six teas, please. - Nothing for the dog, - I suppose? - She could have - A saucer of milk. Oh, Al. - A saucer of a bit of milk - For the dog. Marvelous fella old Al. Blind as a bat. Yeah. Been with me for years. - Makes the best cup of tea - In London. Plays accordion as well. - Well, what can I do - For all you fellas? You look a bit miserable, like last week's lettuces. Well, we need a place to sleep, a place to exercise the dog, a place to practice - until we get the group going. - You know? - Yeah. We got 9 pounds - Three and four pence left - to last us - The rest of our lives. Oh. - You want a nice - Part-time job just to tide you over, eh? Right? No problem. Leave it to me. I'll take care of it. Pleasure. Hello? - Wanna see a picture of my - Daughter with nothing on? Eh? Yeah. Feast your eyes on this. You saucy rove, you. - Hello? - Get me Mavis, will you love? Hello? Mavis? Make a note will you, love? I've got five good strong lads starting Monday morning on the ballast, 6:00. Never mind, son. Never mind. Don't be too ambitious at first. Now, listen, lads. The fruit don't sell itself. The big thing is to draw attention to it. - You've never stood - In the middle of the street - with a barrel Full of fruit? - You've gotta shout. Or as we say in the trade, holla. You want a good volume, a good style. What you could only call presence. Watch on! Hey! I have these on sale, bananas! Lemon and lime A tenner a time Or five For a couple of bob Good for a cold You'll never grow old For wheezing There just the job Around the corner In the market square That's the spot To make your pitch Around the corner Put your barrel there That's the place Where you'll get rich Carrots and spuds Jaffas and bloods They're lovely They're ripe and sweet Yell it out loud Pull a big crowd To value They can't be beat Around the corner In the market square That's the spot To make your pitch Around the corner Put your barrel there That's the place Where you'll get rich - I didn't quite catch - Every word. You're not supposed to. Just sell the bananas. Pippens with pips These are the tips On how to make Punters punt Give them a spiel Polish the peel And put the good one's Up front Around the corner In the market square That's the spot To make your pitch Around the corner Put your barrel there That's the place where you'll get rich Peas in their pods Never lay odds Aware Of the golden thumb Press down the scale You'll go to jail The customers Aren't so dumb Around the corner In the market square That's the spot To make your pitch Around the corner Put your barrel there That's the place Where you'll get rich Play it my way Make the game pay Tell them What they want to hear Serve with a smile Cut for the pile After you've sold The idea Alright, boys. Let's all holla! Another day, another dollar. Ah. Too good, too good. Lemon and lime A tenner a time Or five For a couple of bob Good for a cold You'll never grow old For wheezing There just the job Around the corner In the market square That's the spot To make your pitch Around the corner Put your barrel there That's the place Where you'll get rich Around the corner Around the corner Around the corner Ninety-eight, 99, a hundred. - Now, be sure you deposit - The dog with the trainer here two days before the trial. - And the best - Of British luck. Thank you very much. Yeah. Alright. That's it. In bag. Oh, you silly dopes. Hey, hey! Hey! Hello, Mr. Brown. - Some boys are coming to the - Cottage tonight. Like to come? What have you got in mind? Well, have a little fun. - Get your self a meal. - It's a bargain. - There'll be a ton of girls, - I promise. It'd great. Yes. And, um, I said well, if you want to do that - that's your business, - But I don't want to marry you. Where do these people find this rubbish? - Param tam tam tam tam - Tam - Di ri yam tam - Ti pi tam tam tam tam Tara ta ra ra Ram tiri ra ra pam pam Yeah? No. - Ahele oh lan - Ahele oh lan - Ahele ahele ahele - Oh lan - Now, all day, all night - And I'm not a tramp Whoa ho - Walking up and down - The embankment all day Looking on the camp Rump piddley um pum - Only know that there's - A lady who might get that Pom pom pom Oh. Ah. Singing all day all night And I'm not a tramp - Now, I really do look shabby - For Westminster Abbey - But it really - Is my intent - To get - In the House of Parliament - Ho, and if you think - That's funny - You better bring - Your money - That's all there is to that - So stick it in the hat Pom pom Rom ti ri ya na bom bom Watch it. You're messing up the House of Parliament. Well, madam, I'm not the only one. Get out. - Hey, look. - There's our old mate, Percy. Hello! - Um, will you excuse me - A moment? I think my car has arrived. My. Here. Come on! He's getting in it too. Come one. Like Buckingham Palace. Yeah. This what you call - A cottage? Well, I don't, but the sort of local villagers do. It was built by Lord... Something or other in either the 12th or 15th or 17th Century. - Your guess is as good - As mine. You brought along my favorites like you said. Ah. Oh, lovely as ever. Barry! How are you, love? Fine, thanks. Hello. Hello! - Rowena put the flowers - In the fridge - on top of the cod. And the - Chrysanthemums stink of fish. Oh, dear. - I'm gonna shoot down to the - Greenhouse, get fresh ones. You do that, love. Can I help? - Yes, actually. - If you can smell. Come on, boys. Aw, how are you, love? how have you been today? Well, Mother, Oh, I've had a day I have. Now, Mother, no fussing. No one's fussing. - They'll all get whatever - Rowena's put in the pot. Good. Oh! I thought we're having a buffer. Not buffer, dear. Buffet. Ah, buffet. Isn't it? Aye? Who is this then? He's a friend of the lads. - He lives - Near the Houses of Parliament. On the embankment. - Second bench - From Westminster Bridge. - Oh. I thought - He was running a duty set in that Carnaby Street rig. Haven't we met before? Your face is familiar. Have you spent any time at Battersea Fun Fair? World's End pub. Clapham Common? Not likely. Not likely. Ah! Rowena. - She'll tell us all - What's where. - Look out for the lads, - Rowena. Come on. This way, boys. Good evening, Duckie. Hello, dear. - Hello there, sailor. Here. You're filthy. Madam, have a care. Or I may say what I think of you. Can I have your hat, sir? Are you taking yours off? Certainly not. Here we are. Watch the car, Bill. I thought everything Was groovy In my own little world Now, I find My eyes were closed Until the day I met this girl But the moment I caught sight of her The light of her The bright of her I could see She would be The most beautiful thing In my life Where she walks The earth is greener And the clouds All run away And she brings A little sunshine Into everybody's day You know every time She's close to me She glows to me Arose to me The shining star She is by far The most beautiful thing In my life And when she gives me a smile or a touch Who'd ever think Little things mean so much Yesterday belongs To someone else Today belongs to me Guess it's my turn now At last to know How sweet love can be It's a thrilling love A chilling love An ever warmful Fulfilling love And in good time She will be mine The most beautiful girl in my life In my life The most beautiful girl In my life publicity. Viscount Anthony Field, Hello! Hello! The Honorable Mr. Vince Hobart from the Phonograph Club. Membership: Five guineas a year. Hello, Vince, old boy. Saw your name in the paper. Miss Cynthia Fu Buhl... How much was the fine? And friends. Hello. My old chum, what do you do? When? For a living, I mean. I float. What, in water? No. About 6 feet off the ground. Where? All around Chelsea. That's a big one. you can walk home. As far as I'm concerned, Clive Windy, the photographer of Mayfield. Clive! God, you look a mess. Come on, be nice. How do you spend any time in the embankment? Eh, Brighton? - Off season. - Kissing under the pier. Now, is that you. Come on, confess. Oh, my. Yes. Yes. But it wasn't you. Herman. Herman! This is Anthony Dealey and this is Vince. - Vince this is Herman Tulley, - The one I told you about. How are you? I'm here from the north. Hello, Tulley. - Wait till you hear the group. - They're over three. Pass me some of that. Hey, chicken. Here. Give my secretary a ring. from Thursday night on, Tell her to book you 20 a night, no meals. Are you serious? - Yeah. Judy says you're good. - That's it. - You stick with me, Tulley, - You'll make plenty of loot. - I'm not interested - In making piles of loot. I like racing dogs. - That's what I'm doing it for, - Make enough to raise my dog. Here, here. Oh, uh... Uh, this is a friend of somebody's. Hello. Pig. Not pig, dear boy. It's chicken. Clive. So sorry. - Mm, I say, - Could I have a dance, please? Just watch it. Yes. That's what I'm doing. - Ah, would you like a bone, - My dear? Best of the butcher. So rude! Why are you always trying to put everyone down? Now, listen, Judy. You're degrading yourself and humiliating me. Oh, excuse me. I was just taking the dog some food. Why don't you just push off! Oh, can I take your dog? Hey, when are we going back to the digs? I feel sick. I wonder why. - You've only had - Two plates of pork, three plates of beef and six ?clairs. - Come on. Eat your boney. - There's a good girl. - Make you very lovely - And big. Come on. Yum, yum. - If she's sick, - You're gonna be sicker! You got that? Well, for God's sake, somebody give me a drink then. It's a happening! Yeah! A happening! We're having a happening! A happening! The next race on your chart. Number 4 is the last of the eliminating heats for the final of the greyhound dogs. First in place is qualified for the final. In track 1, Go Lightening is second... In track 2, Bobo owned by Tommy Wright, trained by George Rippey. In track 3, Joyous Junior, owned by Jeffrey Groom, trained by Elmer Grittel. In track 4, Mrs. Brown, owned and trained by Herman Tulley. In track 5, Lucky Help, owned and trained by George Winner. In track 6, Marty III, owned by Harver Gensel, trained by William Barrett. Come on! Come on! - The winner to go through - To the finals of Greyhound Derby, number 4, Mrs. Brown. Oh, she's done it again Oh, she's done it again in a boy of his age? Initiative like that Remarkable. He only lives just round the corner. Why isn't he working for us? - You sacked - Him a couple of weeks ago, sir. I did? Did I? the other chap. You preferred Which one? Me, sir. How irritating. for the publicity photograph Who's gonna pay - to say nothing - About this new gear? - Oh, we won't have to pay - For that till next week. - And by then, - We'll have the money from the Black Eagle Club. - Then we'll get 10,000 more - Of those photographs. Ten thousand? For 10 fans. - And they're all - Tooper Street kids, age 11. We've only got 10 now. - Five of them - Are putty over us - and five of them - Are just plain putty. - That's where strategy - Comes in. - You tell the first five to - Start writing to the other five about starting a fan club. Or 10 clubs. - Then you make them all - Fan club presidents. Everybody wants to be a fan club president. - Then the 10 clubs - Become a thousand. - Then you're on 10,000 - Bedroom walls. It's a regular orgy, isn't it? - Yeah. Once you got your picture - On the bedroom wall, you're part of their lives. Yeah. The little darlings. - You're the queen of Egypt. - Remember. - All the time. - Queen of Egypt. Famishing, darling. That's right. That's right. Alright. Really into it. Hold it, that's it. Haughty. Beautiful. - Now, Judy, I want you - To look away and go all dreamy. Dreamy. Really sensual. - Okay, Desmond. - Get the step ladder. I wanna change the setup. - Now, Judy, go down there as - Far as you can and keep going until I tell you to come back. - Now, little boy, run after her - And grab the train. Go on. I don't want to. - Go on. - What's the matter with you? - Come on. You're being paid - For this, aren't you? With the little brat. Desmond! Do something - Get him there, - Fast as you can. Faster. Go on. - Alright, Judy, - Come towards me. Look right into the lens. Right into my soul. Faster. Faster. Now, smile. Lot's of smile, come on. Right into the lens. Big smile. Laugh! Hairdresser! Here. That child's wet himself. - Well, for God's sake, get him - Another pair of dry pants then. - And hurry! Woolworths - Or something. Move it! - Girly, - Do something with this wig. It looks a mess! Look more like the cover of Mad magazine instead of Teenage Bride. - Now, get a move on, go on. - The light's fading. Hurry up. Fancy you here. - Oh, I was just passing. - I thought I'd stop, say hello. - Right. - How'd you know where I was? Your mum told me. Oh, mum strikes again. You know something, sonny? - You're the sort that would - Interrupt a brain surgeon in the middle of an operation. When do you start at the club? - Oh, tonight. That's what - I came to see you about. Would you like to go? Listen, Herman, I can't. I'm leaving tonight for Rome. - I've got a really big job - There. How long are you going for? A couple of months. - We've got six more dresses - To do. - Now, straighten out this dress - And let's get going. - Have a different scene - This time. Lots of jumping and lots of laughs. Alright? Now, when I say jump, jump. - That's it. - Look right at the lens. Give me the other camera, will you? The Hasselblad. - See her to the platform, - Old son, will you? I'll try to find a place to park this jalopy. - Hurry up or I won't be able - To kiss you goodbye. Oh, coming, darling. Hurry, mum. Good luck for tonight at the club. Thanks. - Will I be seeing you - When you get back or is it still Clive? - Oh, Clive. - Forget about him. I left him behind at some party or other. I really have to do this job. It could be very important. - And it'll give me a chance - To think. You understand that, don't you? A model only has a few super years. Well, if I never see you again, have yourself a jolly nice time. Herman, if I never see you again, - you have yourself - A jolly nice time too. We missed her, thanks to that stupid great car of yours. What's wrong? What? What? Mrs. Brown? Well? He'll be here in a minute. - We have to start - Without him. Can't do that. - Listen, I've got - A hundred kids out there - who paid - To come in and dance. I'm not refunding one penny. Right? - Sorry! Yeah? Oh, hello, Tulley. Nice of you to call. - Tulley can't be with us - Tonight. - He obviously thinks looking - For a dog is more important than looking for a career. Looking for the dog? - Seems he's lost the animal - At the station - same as he's lost his job here - At the club. - Look after that lot, - Will you? Hey! - You've got two more hours - To play. You can stick your job. You'll never work in another club again! have you seen him anywhere? Hey, Keith, No luck. - Try down here. - Hey! - He's not on platform 5. Look up there. Hurry up! - Now, - You're sure that's right? - Yeah. A hundred quid. - That was the entrance fee. Hmm. - She would've come round - That bend on top. I promise you. - Aw, don't worry. - You still got the group. Your good lads. You'll all come out on top of the heap yet. - Oh, we're no better - Than 500 other groups. In London, there's more groups than there are coppers. Never mind, son. Never mind. What you lose on the swings, you gain on the roundabouts. - Are you one of those groups - Then? Should I know you? What? Are you somebody special? No. Nobody special. Come on. See you. Yeah. Yeah. You got a sig? Hey, gran. Is Herman about? We wanna practice tonight. - Not here you don't. - But I'll give him the message. Coo! What a stink! Is it you or the fish? - No, it's my new - Aftershave lotion, gran. Behave yourself, Gloria. - Come on, - Let's go and get a meal. Here you are, Gloria. This is for you. Don't let Karl see it. He's after it too. Everyone wants Herman. But he doesn't seem to want anybody anymore. He's got me down, gran. Oh, cheer up. - There's more fish in the sea - Than ever came out. He'll come round again. But how long will I have to wait? - I've only a few more - Young years left. You've got the love, love. Look at me. I've only got a few pleasant memories. Looking in a mirror Last night My grey head Turned to black Looking in a mirror Last night Pleasant memories Came back Why I remember the time When I was 17 And all the things That I wanted to do The world was new The world Is for the young Come on We're on our way It's a wonderful place But when we're done What we're going to do? Then we'll have changed Its face Searching through some papers one day A sweet scent Filled the air It came from a letter I found And a lock of dark hair It belonged to a girl Who was in love with me And she'd written That without me she'd die I wonder why? - Looking through an album Last - Night I came across a snap That showed A handsome youth With a girl Sitting on his lap Valentino, I thought, With his sleeked black hair And Mary Pickford Was on his knee But it was me The world is for the young But they'll soon find out When they come to explore The strange new lands Of experience Before But we've been there Trying to recapture the past Only makes me regret The passing of an age And all the people That I've met A ride on a tram On the upper deck With a boy With a Fairbanks mustache We were so rash The world Is for the young It was always so It's not ours anymore But they'll find out When they follow us That we've been there Before Hello. I've never seen you in a dress before. So long then. Until the break Of the day Until the break of day Your four lads were around again today. Wanted to know - when you were going to start - Practicing again. What ever happened to the waltz? Now that was a nice dance. La la da di dadam Barara da da da di Da da da di Hey, Gloria. Do you wanna come out with me tonight? - You don't want to take - An old bat out - with a city - Full of young'uns. - You haven't got over it yet, - Have you? Oh, leave off, Gloria. - I've just got salts - In my wounds. Then wash it out. Aah! Percy! Mrs. Brown! I don't believe it. How are you? There she is. Gloria! What is it? Look who's here. Oh! Am I seeing things? When did she last eat? Hmm. Let's see. Uh... She had some cold consomm? in Kaplan, which went well, - and then a rather - Smelly sausage in Stafford. Well, how did you find her? - Just turned up in the - Embankment about a week ago - with a ham bone - Stuck in her chops. - Very thoughtful too. - It made a lovely soup. - Anyway, - I took off a little stone, and a mere 200 miles later, here we are. She's not bad, considering. Yes, considering she's put on a bit of weight in London on her own. Gloria, we're going to have a baby. That saucy brat. A large litter is not expected. "Mrs. Brown is well. Another bulletin will be issued at 12 noon." What's a litter? A litter of puppies. - Look, sit down, will you? - You're giving me a headache! Hey, it's the first time any of us have been a mom. Ooh. What's wrong with you? I think I have got sympathetic pains. Ooh. Hey, Gloria. - Should we have a midwife - Or a vet or something? Yeah. We could charge it - to the National Health, - Couldn't we? Well? Only the one. A female. A female? A female what? One half greyhound, the other half sausage dog. Very odd. Isn't she lovely, eh? Mrs. Brown you've got a lovely daughter Girls as sharp as her Are something rare But it's sad She doesn't love me now She's made it clear enough It ain't no good to pine Come on. - Do you think you'll be going - Back to London soon? Oh, we'll be going back when Mrs. Brown's ready. Oh, I don't blame you. I mean, what's there for any of us to do here, anyway? - Well, we could do - What we've always done. Be together. Well, I thought if you do go back to London, - I might come with you - For a bit. What do you think? You'll have to cook and clean for five blokes if you do. Well, I don't mind. Well, I can only stay till spring, I'm afraid. Then I'm off. I always spend my summers by the seashore. - I'm saving up to get a cottage - By the sea. I've nearly got enough for the first installment. In 35 years, it will be all mine. You can have the attic. Thirty-five years in an attic? - Thirty-five years - In an attic. I wonder... - Param, ra para param - Rapam, patam tam tam - Is that the only tune - You know? My dear lady, my new LP hasn't been released yet. - Those are my spoons. I'm having - Them back in the road. Well, it's your gain and the London Philharmonic's loss. Mother! Come and take a look at this. What about that? That's life, isn't it? What you lose on the swings, you gain on the roundabouts. If she finds that I've been 'Round to see you To see you Tell her that I'm well And feeling fine Feeling fine Don't let on Don't say She broke my heart I'd go down on my knees But it's no good to pine Walking about Even in a crowd Well You'll pick her out Makes a bloke feel So proud If she finds that I've been 'Round to see you 'Round to see you Tell her that I'm well And feeling fine Feeling fine Don't let on Don't say She broke my heart I'd go down on my knees But it's no good to pine Mrs. Brown You've got a lovely daughter Lovely daughter Mrs. Brown You've got a lovely daughter Lovely daughter Mrs. Brown You've got a lovely daughter Lovely daughter